Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You Are Extremely Intelligent: Your Intelligence Is Sacred And No One Is Allowed To Put A Grade On It
Monday • December 6th 2021 • 9:38:09 pm

Institutions are interested in numbers,
as they can easily argue that extreme abstractions and fantasies hold real data.

Do not be tricked,
do not allow yourself to be manipulated by people who do not care about your education, but only their creepy abstract numbers.

They are only interested in teaching the maximum number of students,
as little as they can get away with.

If you are successfully tricked to learn very little,
you will still be very smart, but easy to mislead.

Vaccine hesitancy has its roots in being taught very little,
but still having a powerful intellect.

People sense that they have been tricked,
and they start hesitating with everything.

They sense that trickery is at play,
from poverty, increasing prices, meaningless wars, and do-as-little-as-you-can politics.

It maybe rare that a person that senses that they were mislead,
hesitates with just one thing, they hesitate with everything they are asked or forced to do.

Now, lack of knowledge which comes from ineffective or fake scrolls,
places things like UFO/s and angels, creepy religions and their armageddons, on par with fact and science - but, it is not quite their fault.

Their teachers used them, for paychecks,
by cornering them with un-integrated knowledge.

Forcing them into thinking that they can game the educational system,
by memorizing for tests.

This is how being manipulated works,
we can kind of sense it, but we can't detect it.

There is a massive wall that puts on a convincing educational show,
with tasty raisins like the deans list, diplomas, graduations, promises of a great job.

All the while teaching as little as possible to as many as they can,
while taking the maximum amount of money for tuition.

Not just cash fees, but loans,
and not standard loans, but loans that cannot be forgiven by bankruptcy.

This is not a system that was designed,
it was grown the way slime mold grows.

A little bit at a time,
preferring the places that bring the most value.

So dumbing down of education,
and increasing tuition.

And then holding up outliers as evidence of success,
all those 4 students that went on to work for CERN.

Or that one girl that had perfect grades,
though .

When cornered,
the principals would say.

It is not...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...upting force,
that for some it will translate to a lifetime of addiction.

I think there a re people out there who have been promised a way to fix education,
only to be pushed down this dark, sometimes one way road.

These kids were not born addicts, and they would not become addicts if schools worked,
they were pushed into it.

Addiction is not just about the drug,
but the inability to part with the lifestyle that the drug facilitates.

This is why people say,
you need to change your lifestyle to get out of this hole.

It is because the lifestyle,
becomes a powerful force behind the addiction.

A fake education and lack of knowledge,
will continue corrupting a person throughout their life, to keep the job, or the title, or impress friends or family.

Again, folks who end up down this path are not born this way,
they are pressured by fake or ineffective education to go down this path.

And drugs will not actually give them a real education,
just a fake GPA and diploma, from - what is from their perspective - an utterly fake educational experience.

Colleges and Universities, including the brand name ones,
will ignore this, if they can get away with it.

Because not just selling out students, but turning them into drug users,
makes them look great.

Some schools will encourage low performing students,
to get .

None of this is education,
and all of it is temporary, and some of it is temporary in the worst way.

It it not possible to fake an education,
not is it possible to get it the moment you need it.

You have to begin learning on your own,
in a sequence that matches your curiosity and existing knowledge.

And at a pace and time of day,
that fits you best.

Make your way to what moves you,
and begin there.

But do not abandon your classmates,
.

When you come under attack,
you have an opportunity to use the force against you, to rise, and become a great being.

Help the kids in the back,
they may not even know that everyone is memorizing.

Know that whether you rise to speak out in lunch rooms or auditoriums, or later in life,
real knowledge is your right, and it will take you to wisdom.

In your wisdom, sooner than later,
you will see that we are each meant to become a great being - it is all to human.
