Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Reason Nobody Dares, To Tell You About The Art Of Fighting Bears
Wednesday • January 17th 2024 • 10:07:40 pm

Carrying bear spray is nice,
but for bears pepper is a spice.

While bears do appreciate the zest,
this outcome is not the best.

Meeting a bear is no time to die,
as this would make everyone cry.

---

Always strive to remember,
from frosty January to sunny December.

The fact that bears see you as delicious,
comes second to you being precious.

---

Now, many hikers just annoy the bear with a little bell,
spray up wind all over them selves, and then yell.

Just imagine, if you were a bear,
and a blind fool ran into where you dwell.

With a great big yell,
and again, ringing that annoying little bell.

You’d have to be a weirdo to just watch,
at the very least you’d want to approach.

---

So you can’t just spay towards the bear,
you have to spray with great care.

Fighting animals is a dance, a form of art,
you have to use your rear, your soul, your heart.

---

Theatrically grab your bottle of gas,
jump up, bend over, and with sass show your ass.

And then jam the bottle between your legs,
and spray __behind you__ until the bear begs.

Slowly move the bottle up and around,
while making a guttural farting sound.

Without that skank stank and pose,
the bear will be conf__u__sed about what you propose.

---

The act of spraying behind you whilst bent over,
clearly spells out: “Hey Bear! the meeting is over.”

Fighitng is all in the body language and pose,
it must state: “You are about to regret having a nose”.

And once you do spray... spray with sass,
speaking “Hey check out all the eye burning gas, in my fat ass”.

---

Finally, know that bears learn the body language from the skunk,
that often runs up just sprays them as just a prank.

And that not all bears are going to eat you, some just want to see,
if they can take a selfie.
