Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Eclipse Is Over, But I Still See A Circle; What Do?
Wednesday • April 10th 2024 • 11:33:00 pm

Eclipses,
or as we should call them from now on Eclipsi…

Have been going on since the moon joined us in orbit,
some 4.5 billion years ago.

They occur when the moon gets between us and the sun,
in just the right way.

And curious creatures have been branded by the circle,
for hundreds of thousands of years.

The circle has ever since been a pain in the neck,
of vile men looking to hold humanity back.

To create a population of at least wage salves,
for power, for glory, and out of madness.

This hope of control still occurs today,
evil men burn books, destroy schools, and deny education.

The most heartbreaking example,
are the lost protesters, the ones we forgot about.

---

An eclipse, or your even brand,
which will fade on its won, but you still see a doctor.

Is a universal anomaly, historically,
something that the mad en hoping to own humanity coudn’t predict.

An eclipse would call their hold on the world,
into question.

They would brush it up to gods,
another tool they supported, for the sole purpose of control.

---

The eclipse, joins a host of other phenomena,
that was once thought unexplainable or attributed to gods.

Sun Dogs, the flash of green at the sunset, and more down to earth things,
like how glass can create a rainbow, or how ships sink at the horizon.

---

Copernicus (born 1473) shows us the threat,
he published his revolutions, only, right before his death.

---

Giordano Bruno (born 1548, burned at the stake in year 1600),
has a looming statue in Rome, where men who destroyd him.

Still hold that they were justified,
but apologize for use of violence.

Not an apology that should ever be accepted,
ever.

The moon it self is the most revolutionary thing,
in early imagination, it shows that celestial spheres revolve.

That there is a moon around earth,
and that we move around the sun, and that there are stars in the sky.

Will forever undo,
all intellectual bondage.

By subtle analogy, even children,
will understand that there are other planets.

---

Christiaan Huygens (born 1629),
discovered the moons of Saturn in year 1655.

And no religion could hold up to that,
moons around another planet.

Guess what his first thought was,
while we are alone in our solar system.

We know of attest one planet in the universe,
that has life, and that is a lot.

So much more than zero,
that for many scientists, the answer is obvious.

---

Finally, you will be glad to know,
that Sir Issac Newton (born 1642).

The man who cursed you with Calculus,
and them made fun of you by saying that he made it difficult on purpose.

Made a particularity stupid experiment out of staring at the sun,
which left him blind for three days…

And had him seeing after images, what you are seeing,
for months.

---

Now, that you have joined their club,
the club of troublemakers, thinkers, exporters, and marvelous dumbasses.

You have new responsibilities in life,
first to help your eyes heal, you will need nature.

But close and inseparable second,
you will need to read the biographies of these and many other great beings.

To help your eyes and mind heal best,
you must take to the great trails.

Such as the Application Trail, or Pacific Crest Trail,
and The Continental Divide.

Bring a satellite communicator, spare water-filers,
and few extra pairs of sunglasses.

Be sure to carry a stick,
should you be approached by a bear, or a hillbilly.

---

it is on these trails,
that demand a 20 mile walk each day.

Your mind will after a week or two,
become ravenous for narrated books.

Where you can listen and re-listen stories of adventure and invention,
as you walk towards an ever brighter future.

---

Lastly, to quote Abraham Lincoln, in regards to Sunsets and Eclipsi,
for you and for you to share with others: "Don't be an eye hole".
