Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don’t Give Up On Fitness, Tough Words And Reminders For Tough People
Friday • April 11th 2025 • 9:56:16 pm

All lives are unique, but the more out of shape we get,
the more urgent and challenging fitness becomes.

When fitness becomes challenging, you shouldn't force yourself,
but instead aim to follow that saying “work smarter, not harder”.

This is because if you push yourself into discomfort,
you increase the chances of giving up on fitness.

By pushing too hard, you can very well,
make things worse.

---

Even young and fit people need fitness,
though they can shuffle dance with dumbbells.

As we get a bit out of shape,
power walking with dumbbells or wrist weights is pretty good.

Beyond that, it is all about adventure,
weeks long hiking and camping expeditions.

These break up bad eating habits,
and introduce a lot of walking.

Which eventually,
will get you into a power walking with dumbbells.

If you can handle that for an hour,
you can increase dumbbell weight for bodybuilding.

Or add an extra hour, and start dancing,
for becoming trim by using your energy reserves.

As you become more and more fit,
the chances of giving up on fitness fade away.

Seeing muscle in your mirror reflection becomes the new standard,
and letting that fade away will feel wrong and unusual.

---

Fit or not, adventure, is both a starting point,
and a extension of your healthy lifestyle.

You don’t have to walk the [Appalachian Trail][1],
but you do have to adventure for multiple months a year.

Life does not always make that easy, but it is not impossible.
though sometimes, you may need to fight for it.

When you become not fit, overweight, even though you get around,
the cost is in the total years of your life – this is to be avoided.

---

Finally, there is no such thing as life work balance,
it is adventure and life balance.

Adventure, will keep you from jobs that force you into overwork,
which leads to unhealthy lifestyles.

This is hard to understand when we are young,
and think that we can juggle it all.

And also hard to correct, when we finally see,
what the result of juggling it all is.

Premature aging, obesity, shortened lifespan,
and consequences of life long stress and overwork.

---

These last word are going to be tough,
to snap you out of it, to help you towards adventure.

Family is wonderful,
but if the reality is... childr...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ws this best is the older you.

And the old you,
in the final days.

The old you is to go out with a smile,
for all the funny shit and the great deeds…

Including all the failures,
that you suffered whilst daring greatly.

There is no back to work for you,
go get your three season tent…

And head for the southern terminus of the AT,
Springer Mountain, down in Georgia, USA.

You will fail almost as many times as you will triumph,
the difference is that one time, where you don’t walk off the trail.

Where you laugh, live, and eventually,
discover all the things you thought you knew, but didn’t.

The laughter, that you find in the end,
is that of the laughing philosopher.

There is no being greater,
than a laughing philosopher.

---

For those of you who are older, to make matters more complex,
you may need to pay attention to the fact...

That you might not have ever seen obese elderly,
so the urgency of restoring your body, is on the emergency level.

And if your job is getting in your way of survival,
then your career choice, is not sustainable, and thus a mistake.

You will need to change your career path,
towards one that helps you, not hurts you.

---

And, you may need to take a look at your education,
as that is often the root of our mistakes.

Getting authentic education, that helps you bloom,
integrates very well with adventure.

As you take narrated books with you on the trails,
and they are a wonderful thing when you are camping as well.

---

Your choice of books should begin with,
Adventure where you learn about great visions.

And Science Popularize books where Scientists,
speak to your heart about what we have learned about the Universe.

As a human being, you have a duty,
to protect yourself and protect your family and the world.

To carry out that duty, you have to grow all the way up,
until you become a great being.

Look how short and unfair life turns out to be for some,
it is never too late to begin rising, and building yourself up.

And the worse it got for you,
the greater your courage will become.

The greater your honor, the greater your heart,
the greater your nobility, and dignity.

The greater,
your wisdom.


[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzXP5PjRHjM&list=PLXiz2lWve6AJrEVuAjfL4eaBDEMfdbKa6
