Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The “Where The Heck Are We?” Walking Clubs Of America
Friday • February 6th 2026 • 9:56:38 pm

The modern gym needs repair, if you have been a member for long enough,
you notice that only a few make it.

Gym, is life. Twenty, and for some of us, 50 extra years of life,
we literally die if we don’t fix it.

---

The walking club idea,
is an extension to all local gyms everywhere.

At some point during the day, perhaps a different time every other day,
your local gym organizes a slow and fast version of a 60 minute walk.

When a person feels they need more, they first switch teams,
and they are asked to buy used dumbbells and carry those.

Once they feel they can handle more,
maybe they add 1.5 pound wrist weights, or move up in dumbbell weight.

The path is always different, and avoids most of the bad weather,
and aims to pass by local fast food places, for breaks and bathrooms.

---

Let me tell you something,
such a walk exposes the stagnant modern gym experience.

It is far superior to comfortably sitting at the gym,
or lifting heavy weights three times for thirty seconds.

And yes it is better than the treadmills, because here!
you are allowed to carry weights, without the threat of getting sucked in.

Every one in a while there is a longer walk,
on sunny days there maybe some food involved somewhere.

The pretty lady, will always win the winter trailblazer prize,
and the hairy guy will never fail to shock the group with just how far he jogs.

A group of tough old birds will train with Couch to 5K,
and scare the young lads with manly legs.

And no one will ever be confused about what a workout actually is,
and it certainly, dot not, in any way involve sitting, or heavy weights.

---

It is very important to follow one rule,
no one is allowed to adapt and then simply breeze through.

A real workout requires a constant challenge,
either faster, heavier, longer, or harder – that’s why we sign up for the gym.

---

And finally, when it rains, all the fat chickens can stay in the hen house,
under the roof, and discuss progress, bellies, and wide toe box zero drop shoes.

All the while, the trainer will be busy scribbling a double walk,
for the next day: because a step not taken is a health forsaken.
