Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Life Of Wisdom, For In Wisdom We Grow
Saturday • June 13th 2020 • 11:14:02 pm

My Friends,

Your youth holds a great power,

a power that you can hold on to throughout your entire existence.

It is the power of creating a life that you will love,

a life that will help you see with great clarity.

A Life of Wisdom.

---

But you must be careful,

as the world may not yet be ready to help you.

Not everyone will know about growing up,

and people will say: "How was I supposed to know?"

And they are not going to be the bad guys,

and you will be inclined to listen to their advice.

And the path will be paved with good intentions,

it maybe the correct path, but it won't be the right one.

---

Please, focus on building your own self,

your strength, your wisdom, your power.

Focus on building the best you,

the you that you are meant to be, that the world needs.

---

Because if you listen to everybody else,

you will not grow up, and they will blame you for not being able to help them.

You are not going to be able to explain to them,

that you are weak because of them,

because you tried to help them too early.

And if you could, all they could say will be:

"How was I supposed to know?"

---

Please, you have no choice,

but to learn to control your own future.

You can try to use your imagination,

to get in touch with your Elder Self;

And ask "What are your regrets?",

"Where did it go wrong?"

---

Please, carefully evaluate your choices,

wisely build your Mind and Body.

Pay attention to all the choices you are making,

as they dictate the Beautiful Life Ahead of You.

---

The teachers are not ready, we are not in the Era of Wisdom yet,

people are struggling to understand life.

Many make choices that all too early box them in,

and not all their advice will apply to you.

Not all the things that you think box people in,

actually constrain them, there are many contexts to all the paths.

All lives are beautiful, and there are enough forks in the road,

for people to navigate back to where they want to be.

But, when a mistake occurs, it will weigh you down for a time,

if you are careful, you can avoid the worst of it.

And whatever does happen, regardless of how hard you tried to avoid it,

will not crush you, because you will know you did your best.

---

Please, be careful in life, be beautiful, and...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

..._Ever) an Audiobook that you will love and actually learn from.

Stop trying to find a job or get hired, and become the kind of a person;

that companies can only hope to hire.

Start living healthy, years before you start your training,

do not force your body into endurance, gradually teach it to adapt.

---

Chose Audio-books that really help your wisdom grow,

embrace your hobbies, and expand your adventures.

If you can't find a career path that will add onto you,

then [start your own company](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4JtyLKDjXk),

or become a [co-founder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRLzkbtKPGM).

Take care of your body, be mindful of you [Body Mass Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Body_mass_index),

but also aim to become a Healthy Athlete, Heath will never take away from you.

---

In all we do, in choices, or intuitions,

we re driven by the wisdom we have thus far acquired.

A decision that made sense in your youth,

may reverse, as you gain wisdom from Books and Experiences.

The richer our Pursuit of Wisdom,

the more in-tune our decision-making.

Wisdom surrounds Education, Carrier and Health,

it influences your Private Decision-making, and thus Your Future.

In most contexts Wisdom is the most important thing,

what can be more important than the thing that influences your private decision making?

And be mindful that your decision making is in turn,

the very thing that influences all the future ahead of you?

---

The beginning of your Knowledge and Wisdom is found in the things you love as a child,

in a way those things are questions, and playing with them brings answers.

But you have to stay with it,

protect the natural progression of the chain of your curiosities.

You have to understand the the Destructive Power of:

"cram, get a job, and get on with your life".

We don't live in a world that can support your Pursuit of Wisdom,

for most, the world will give minimums, for many nothing.

When we try to create external machinery,

it will often perform the minimum.

---

The power for the world to change,

is within each of its Citizens.

It is found in decision making,

perpetually strengthened by Unrelenting Pursuit of wisdom.

We create this world together,

and it can only grow, when we grow.
