Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Art Of Growing Up
Friday • June 25th 2021 • 7:06:11 pm

Uninterrupted Growing Up is a big deal for our minds as we grow,
but it is also very difficult to everyone around us.

For one the world is poor,
everyone is tired and stressed out.

And when one person is moved by Museums,
another may get really bored by going there every week.

Being a parent is tough,
Maria Dmitrievna Mendeleeva comes to mind.

I love how she used to say that children should appreciate: the gift of words on paper,
she knew, she learned from books on her own, so she knew about inheriting knowledge from great beings.

got in to the school,
the same year she passed away from tuberculosis.

Let me just add that Dimitri had bad grades in the Classics, Latin and German,
but he did well in mathematics, physics and the sciences.

Abstract thinking,
figures.

But no one, no matter how little,
can ask for what Maria did.

Even when we are little,
we have to stand up for growing up, largely on our own, we have to make big plans.

It is when we are little that we can really easily narrow down our interests,
I was curious about the stars, I remember writing a short thing about the Kosmos.

And I had a book that, ^might have been dated a bit^ because it said that Mars had seasonal changes of color,
that the color shifted towards brown during Autumn, because of falling leaves.

I didn't buy it, but before I was going to return to that subject,
I needed to read about all the other things.

I found it very interesting that Grafting Apple trees was common practice,
I immediately developed an interest in Combinatorial Geneomics.

packing codes into chromosome sequences,
and that darn article entitled could not be more fascinating.

When I returned to Mars,
I got snagged on and of course X-Files.

But even though this is a fairy tale, that was born of per-historic dinosaur bones, much like myths of dragons,
.

Bringing together solar, communication, single board computers,
cameras, virtual classrooms, solar mp3 players...

Can make for a really interesting classroom,
especially when smart based
that can operate a is very inexpensive.

And can make beautiful videos that can help us watch Africa,
in a new light.

It is difficult to talk about something as deeply personal as the Continuity of Growing Up,
for one it seems like it is not something th...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...to be questions, that would be matched by answers provided by proper science.

What was a stepping stone for Percival Lowell,
became a launch pad for people like Carl Sagan.

,
he says he would spread his arms at night and wish to be transported to Mars like .

Fantasy and odyssey, and even X-Files and Mokele-mbembe continue inspiring countless generations,
not just to more fiction but also to science.

ANd to daring Greatly, in new fields like Combinatorial Genomics,


,
.

It matters not if it starts with dreams of canals or fighting aliens on Mars,
or capturing a photo of Mokele-mbembe, all dreams are equally good.

But it does matter that the continuity of our dreams of adventure is unbroken,
so that each step lies on top of the previous step, and that we grow.

Do not let anybody push you away from your dreams,
not your brothers or sister, not mom not dad, not preachers, nor teachers; your dreams, are yours.

If there is a force that is pushing you already, and seems impenetrable,
then you are in luck, because the Universes has chosen for you, to become a Great Warrior and Leader, and a force of change.

Fantastic stories are not just for entertainment,
if you are young then let John Carter teach you strategy.

The continuity of your growing up can only be broken if you don't realize how precious it is,
the path of great adventures, intergalactic fantasies, and inspirational curiosities that lies before you, is your to travel.

It is your responsibility to build your mind step by uninterrupted step,
to make each day better than the previous, and to make yourself strong enough to stand up to the meanest and biggest creatures of the best of the fantasy books.

When people come to tell you that you can't dream of Mars, or Stars, or Past or Future, Science, Technology, and or Philosophy,
just tell them, that what they say is pretty good...

But it is not good enough for you, because your aim is Greatness,
growing all the way up.

And to become a Great Being you have much to learn,
and that you will learn it your own way, at your own pace, and in a sequence that fits you best.

Don't let anybody trick you into thinking that you are not good enough,
because the world needs you.

The world must advance,
it cannot stand still.

The World,
Must Grow.
