Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On The Vastness Of Heart
Wednesday • October 28th 2020 • 5:10:55 pm

Of course, it is not just aging,

but is it also more than just learning.

Some say "Lean into the discomfort.",

others "Don't try go all the way.".

It is all about building ourselves,

layer by layer.

The layers,

need not always be on the same subject.

You may start an artist, or a dreamer, or a mechanic,

and then move to urban explorer, photographer, and islander.

The steps we take are slightly different,

from what we take away.

An artist learns the harmony of colors,

the strange simplicity of desaturating colors by mixing opposites.

The dreamer learns that a dream is not just a dream,

because if you snag on it and carry it out, it will become true.

The mechanic learns about a screw,

if you tighten it too much you will ruin it.

The urban explorer learns that the attorney,

that left his stuff behind was always suffering and died alone.

The photographer learns that it is the journey,

and the photo is a mere bookmark in memories.

And the islander,

ohh, the islander.

Finally, when the golden age of wisdom and endless aches and grunts comes,

the islander learns that life is to be lived fully.

And what that means, is that we take what we learned from the day before,

mix it with today, and get it ready to mix it with tomorrow.

Like a waterfall that runs into to the ocean,

the new things we learn add to the body of the old.

With old age being a privilege denied to so many,

the treasure we carry truly becomes magnificent as we move forth.

---

We can't learn all at once,

and we can't fully learn through synthetic means.

At schools the curriculum is so warped,

it can only be dishonestly memorized.

Audio Books and Lectures, go a long way,

so as long as you make room for the lessons within.

Education requires room, here there can be no stress from grades,

no craziness for a high GPA, brand name education, and a promise of a job.

We need life, we need the full thickness of life,

and then an urge to study will emerge.

That thick life,

will move us.

It will uncover an absence of knowledge,

and it will feel great to fill it right up with precisely 14 books on the subject.

A synthetic education born from being forced to learn,

is a very poor education.

Memorization,

is not an education at all, it is actually da...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...he other gods."

And just when you think she was done with it,

she adds "Why don't we go the extra step and love All Life, All Wisdom, All Good Ideas, and All Human Beings"

And the next thing you know,

you realize she was never a Dreamer, nor was she ever little.

She's a Philosopher.

To tell children, that there exists a group of Universal Beings,

that dedicate their lives and immortality to Wisdom,

and passing it on to all the future generations,

is to help them grow from the highest of mountains.

---

And the Urban Explorer,

they see homes after the families left.

They see pictures,

and smiles, and forgotten hopes.

They see passage of time,

they see the motion of generation upon generation.

They can see the homes as they were on Christmas,

and they can read the medical bills scattered in the corner.

These so called scoundrels,

often chased away like dogs.

They are working on wording a lesson,

that they hope to voice some day.

Maybe come their golden age,

as Guggenheim shows their works.

They will speak of leaving bad ideas behind,

and sharing in all the good ones.

How truly precious all our daily chores,

how it is these little ordinary moments that add to create almost all our lives.

"There are no ordinary moments" as Dan Millman says.

---

Layer by layer, and the sequence will come deep from within the heart,

and it will reveal it self by means of curiosity.

When a day comes, and you find yourself looking out the window,

with more pleasure than than writing games or interactive fiction,

or managing your corporation, or putting out fire tornadoes.

Deep from within your heart,

a new curiosity calls to you.

And it can only make you better,

better at what you do, help you climb higher than the height you are on right now.

You don't have to switch careers,

but you do need to throw a loaf of bread into your back pack.

And hit the trail.

If you are out east Section Hike the Appalachian Trail,

if you are out west than hike the Pacific Crest Trail,

if you are out in the Pacific then set of for the Kalalau on the island of Ka'uai.

Bring your Audio Books,

and make no mistake,

Because the end of that trail,

marks only the beginning of your new adventure.

Remember the aim, my friends:

Vastness Of Heart!
