Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Become The Heroes, Teachers, And Guardians That You Wish You Had
Monday • February 6th 2023 • 10:42:43 pm

The world needs Great Beings, Heroes, Philosophers,
it needs real and effective schools, and an end to poverty.

Uneducated leaders, and indoctrinated masses,
take us towards the negative, and only you can help.

What ever you are learning in High School,
is neither of any real use, nor is it enough.

The thread you are facing, is a well oiled war machine,
largely operated by push buttons, and stupid yes-men.

The entire northern hemisphere is in danger,
half the earth, in the clutches of those who don’t like books.

---

You are watching your teachers pretend they are teaching,
you can easy pass any test by memorizing, it is all theater.

You have already seen that corporate greed,
at a snail pace, moves towards more greed, and profit optimization.

You have seen science denial, dump led into the air we breathe,
you have witnessed the damage the plastics caused, and even an ozone hole.

You have seen drug use, hate and racism emerge of the blinding combination,
of fake education, and dread of poverty, homelessness and starvation.

You are even witnessing people being kept in cages,
in the shape of disproportionate mass incarceration of uneducated people fractured by the bony hands of poverty.

To add insult to injury, the evil men of centuries past had a saying,
“a learned slave is a no good slave”.

---

The wold and especially its future,
is asking you, and your friends, to stop pretending you are learning in school.

And instead take to your inheritance, the 10,000 or more narrated books,
a beautiful and noble quest, that will slowly and gently...

Carry you into your middle age,
with real knowledge, thriving wisdom, and a burning desire for greatness.

In the absence of real teachers,
all of humanity across all time yet to come, asks __you__ to rise to the challenge.

End the cycle and its slow blind progression towards predictable ends,
by growing all the way up, and helping those around you grow all the way up too.

All the way, until each and every one of you,
rises to un-breakably stand as a great being.
