Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Philosophers; Or, A Note About Inheriting Their Wisdom And Culture
Thursday • March 16th 2023 • 10:23:20 pm

You have a Great Family in time,
they are the Philosophers who wrote their thoughts down with you in mind.

If you spend enough time listening to their books,
you will inherit the tools they used in their great adventures.

---

Not only will you discover the wisdom of philosophers,
but also that it is your inheritance, their wisdom belongs to you.

And to really understand a philosopher, you don’t really study the book, harder,
but you get to know what they are like as a person.

Just exactly the same way that you got to know adults when you were little,
by asking “who would I need to be to act, to to speak, to write like that.”.

Philosophers are very delicate people,
and survives at the same time.

Their suffering is no match,
for the vastness of their content of character.

When you get to know a philosopher,
a being who cared about you enough…

To share with you what she or he has learned,
to spare you the worst of it.

You discover a friendship,
that is what their books really are, an invitation to a friendship in time.

To truly inherit from the works of philosophers,
you must use your heart.

Memorizing facts, is like ineffective education,
it means nothing of consequence.

You have to know the context of a philosopher’s life,
and all the different epochs.

What they wrote in their 20s,
is very different from what they wrote in their 70s.

The treasures in philosophy books,
requires knowing the author, the same way you know your neighbor.

---


And when you try to get to know a great being,
you cannot help but to enter their culture.

Your book friends, philosophers, will bring you entire lifetimes of wisdom,
and pull you up into the culture of greatness.

Here you will understand the road ahead of you,
a bit better.

Reject fake education,
and self educate…

By dancing between your noblest curiosities,
that will put what you learn into real world context…

And unlike a textbook, have you revisit time and again,
as your curiosities grab you by you button in eternal returns.

---

Find narrated book summaries first,
listen to the many stories of the lives of philosophers.

So that once you are ready to hear the works of a philosopher,
you are familiar with the world they lived in.

---

Finally real education, is a very pleasant experience,
it is about answering the questions selected by your unique curiosities.

Once you find enough answers, about life, universe, our inventions,
it will all settle on a magnificent plateau.

Upon which, your own wisdom,
on it way to greatness, will begin to sprout.
