Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The New Programmer
Saturday • June 21st 2025 • 9:23:53 pm

The AI does not want you to do the programming,
it wants you to lead, to imagine, invent, and direct.

This also means that it does not want to refactor or repair,
Ai just wants to cook.

And you have to provide the cook book,
exactly, precisely, the same way that responsible project mangers do.

You start at the center, bottom, in the beginning,
and you wind out adding more complexity and girth.

But in a very precise way,
because you must begin with a simple Application class.

And then immediately, IMMATERIALITY,
say that you want plugin architecture.

Your program will be picking up girth and winding out,
with plugins, that you as a strategist must ensure build on top of each other.

And you have to build with well known industry standard concepts,
so you always add that in to your plugin requirements.

You want code do simple, beautiful and predictable,
the AI almost does not need to look at it.

---

Do not try to fix your program,
fix your requirements document.

The cookbook,
that makes your application happen.

The new programmer, learn programming,
by not really programming, just watching.

---

The people who are cranky about having paid for a programmer education,
especially those who took a look at AI, oh, they will lie about how bad AI is.

Do not ask a professional programmer, if AI is good,
that is like asking a horse if the car is better.

---

You are the programmers now,
the humble, nimble, cheerful strategists.

And your best tool is the text editor, on your phone,
especially when hiking, and relaxed.

Plugin architecture, where not only can you create new features,
but also throw away the stuff you didn’t ask right about.

---

Because you don’t have any legacy code,
because you can afford to start from an AI generated requirements document.

You have the power of hundreds of coders,
and you can learn programming by delivering software.

---

Do not try to xix the program that isn’t working,
just like you want to avoid fixing a photo with weird fingers.

Fix your requirements document,
beautify your request with new things.

Such as saying write in style of MDN documentation,
that so wonderfully explains how to program the Web.

Tell it to write Simple Code, create Light-weight implementations,
maybe try using the word miniature, of Minimum Viable Product.

Ask to write in the style of another language,
to translate ideas into real of the modern JavaScript.

But requirements documents, plugins, and re-generating instead of fixing,
is not the big deal here, even though it is a dream.

The big deal is that no programming experience is required,
and that the AI will never make you fell ashamed for asking simple questions.

Programming never was like any of the other subjects,
now it comes packaged with a private university.

This is the way, for all the young people who need a way,
towards authentic education and away from fear and poverty.
