Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shopping Etiquette
Monday • April 24th 2023 • 9:33:31 pm

The one thing about working out at the gym,
that nobody readies you for.

Is that all your workout clothes will get worn out,
in less than three months…

And you will change shape,
so that even your street clothes will need an update.

So here I am am, with a looming expedition,
to find a shirt somewhere.

Reminiscing about all the times,
when frankly, things gout out of hand.

---

As far as I can tell, I have no formal education,
as far as proper shopping is concerned.

So, I just do my best,
though secretly suspecting I am a feral shopper.

For one, I don’t know if other people,
return things when things get mixed up in their favor.

I am sure, it is the morally right thing to do,
but, are people doing it? I just don’t know.

---

Most recently, I gave the cashier three dollars,
upon telling her that I received two extra spices.

It was a dollar too much, because I was thinking about a full refund,
which would have been three dollars.

But she very energetically grabbed the money,
and showed it in the register, and it was too late.

I started with two extra dollars,
and now I was a dollar short.

---

Few months prior, after a beef jerky expedition,
I discovered that I owned two colorful bottles of nail polish.

I remembered that the person ahead of me,
was a heavy set woman in a wheelchair.

But, after an hour passed,
what good would that do.

After a day or two, I returned them,
and the cashier wanted to give me two dollars.

I said no, I am sure I didn’t pay for them,
the bag belonged to the lady ahead of me.

I spared the cashier the description of the woman,
because even though it is morally right to return the items…

I could tell the cashier was slightly pissed off,
that I am bothering her with moral bullshit.

---

Couple of years before that,
I was explaining to a young lady at a clothing store.

That there was a mistake of over 20 bucks,
but I don’t have the receipt.

And she looked at me, and I looked at her,
and she limitedly asked “Was it in your favor?”

See, it took her a single glance,
of actually looking at the damn customer…

And not merely register her daily blur,
of passing shoppers...

To immediately figure out,
that it was moral bullshit again.

And she just turned away,
cashed me out, and I was on my way.

She had nothin...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... men with large shoulders really well.

So I grabbed some stuff to try on in-front of a mirror,
and proudly walked int the changing to see what I look like in a mirror.

I usually program all day, and shop late,
so it was closing hour.

And the young ladies that worked there,
walked by the changing area asking if anybody needed help.

I am assuming, they were just checking,
how many people were using changing rooms.

But to me it was a weird question,
so I jokingly replied:

“I am glad you are asking, because I was trying on some ridiculously tight jackets,
worried that I’d get stuck.”.

And you know what she said: nothing,
the area went from cheerful and energetic, to emptiness and silence.

As she tried not to laugh out loud at,
at the guy that was in the fat kids section earlier.

I only tried to make a little joke,
but got the sense that a bigger one was already at play.

I haven’t been to the fat kids section, since,
but I still think it is a great idea.

---

Though not as great as how I am able to reliably find bodybuilder shirts,
a story that is growing more embarrassing by the year.

And eventually is sure to wake me up at 3:30AM,
wishing I was a more serious person.

I looked everywhere for decent sleeveless workout shirts,
that don’t have that wheat bag feel to them, and they were nowhere to be found.

I started getting the distinct impression that 1990s, and the age of WWF,
Commando and Rambo was over, and people were T-shirts now.

Until I discovered, that all the sleeveless shirts were simply moved,
to the women's section.

Where, I found myself uneasily browsing,
and occasionally stretching a poor shirt before I could eyeball the size.

This is where a young woman, wearing enough make up,
to put Cleopatra to shame jumped out of the bra section behind me…

And gave me - a rather shy person,
a much deserved accusing look.

There being no time to explain what I am up to,
I figured I should just get going.

But just to be nice,
I tried to make a joke right as I was turning to leave.

And this; is where I discovered, that when I get nervous,
I begin speaking in something reminiscent of southern accent.

I hurriedly blurted out, “I am just not that kind of maAan”,
and have since been purchasing all my workout shirts... from the internet.
