Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dare To Self Care
Tuesday • July 23rd 2024 • 12:10:10 am

“There are more things in heaven and earth,
than are dreamt of in your philosophy.”

---

This is where the problem starts,
this, is where we get our smarts.

Cookie cutter lives are a curse,
and then it can only gets worse.

Having others think for you is a bug,
and you must avoid is like a plesant drug.

A creature of the stars
is not meant to be born with imaginary scars.

And the unexamined life,
will always lead to manufactured strife.

---

As to why,
it is because small minds lie.

Small minded leaders do it too,
in hopes of manufacturing you.

They want their herd,
to believe their absurd.

---

And once false leaders own the world,
you have to wait, until they get too old.

And this strange conspiratorial chatter,
does not even matter.

There is nothing you can do here,
except for learning, year after year.

---

That, is what you haven't been told,
about the real wold.

You can’t change the world,
by following what you are told…

---

To truly know,
you yourself, must grow.

To reject strife,
and embrace life.

You have to dare,
to self care.

And it will take a thousand narrated books,
to begin to escape the crooks.

You have to unlearn the lies,
that you were taught were nice

To exit whatever your system,
you must follow the path of wisdom

The great beings know this to be true,
they are whispering to you…



> "Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the new world, he is responsible for everything he does."  
  Jean-Paul Sartre

> "Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd."  
  Voltaire

> "The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing."  
  Socrates

> "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."  
  Aristotle

> "The important thing is to not stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing."  
  Albert Einstein

> "One's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions."  
  Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.

> "The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself."  
  Carl Sagan

> "Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric."  
  Bertrand Russell

> "You will either step forward into growth or you will step back into safety."  
  Abraham Maslow

> "Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel."  
  Socrates

> "We can judge our progress by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers, our willingness to embrace what is true rather than what feels good."  
  Carl Sagan

> "Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere."  
  Carl Sagan

> "The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible."  
  Arthur C. Clarke

> "Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion."  
  Stephen Hawking

> "It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer."  
  Albert Einstein
