Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On Ineffective Education And Fake Graduation
Monday • June 12th 2023 • 11:18:10 pm

There is no way to way to prevent corruption of educational systems,
there is even a force of blindness, that corrupts the well wishing.

College loans which cannot be forgiven even in bankruptcy,
and will be removed from a paycheck by force are one piece of evidence.

But the big one, is that graduates do not have any real achievements,
but are merely paraded though a system of grades that just demands memorization.

We simply do not, yet, live in a world where truth, authenticity, and honesty,
are first, and foremost.

---

The graduate that does achieve, is not school taught,
they are largely self taught, and may have had help from tutors.

While that is perfectly fine, by letting people think schools helped them,
they only help fraudulent institutions stay in business.

The achiever is encouraged to lie,
precisely for that diploma of a brand name university.

But the truth is, their schools not only stood in their way,
but slowed them down, and they hated the fraud of it all.

Without that brand name diploma,
they have little chance of working for prestigious organizations.

The momentum of the fake brand name diploma,
does not stop at graduation.

People continue pretending,
it was the school.

---

Do not worry, truth, authenticity, and honesty,
comes with great reward.

Though, you won’t be able to work at your favorite research laboratory,
particle accelerator, and the prize you dream about won’t be won.

You will be able to move at the speed of your mind,
at the speed of thought,

You will reach galaxy brain levels,
decades ahead of all the others.

---

Do not be scared,
your talent will not be wasted.

All the great minds,
all the shoulders we stand on…

Each was an independent thinker,
without the ball and chain of their university.

---

Learn programming, because computers are all about business,
they are everywhere and behind everything – learn to control them.

And build a series of side projects to secure your financial standing,
and upgrade the strong ones, to a startup status – avoid upfront investment.

Fraudulent institutions will only ever tell you what you want to hear,
they are echo chambers, of not just dangerous, but dangerously stupid ideas.

Self education, once you get the hang of it,
will put you directly in front of world’s most powerful thinkers and authors.

There are no teachers,
as capable, magnificent and life-changing, as the great thinkers.

And no great thinker would ever allow their name to be stained,
by a brand name university that largely stands for fraud and greed.

---

Please, allow the smiling faces of unsuspecting students,
during fraudulent graduations built atop of lies, show you how bad things are.

That if we continue teaching each other out of authentic knowledge,
the world will become stratified, manipulated, and twisted.

Without real education, we will repeat the same mistakes every century,
convinced that it is our choice, or duty, or virtue, or honor.

---

A real graduation,
can only be marked by real achievement,

You learn programming,
instead of pretending to learn by memorization.

You build a series of self sustaining side projects,
instead of pretending grades are anything more than a teacher’s way to hide their lies.

And you launch a few startups, at least one of which, continues on growing,
and that is a real graduation, and that is your diploma.

From learning programming, to building side-projects, to launching startups,
you learn, achieve, and graduate.

Every other kind of graduation,
in an insult.
