Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Take To Adventure, Become 40 Years Younger, And Wallop The Oodles Out Of Your Whippersnapper Self
Thursday • July 13th 2023 • 11:07:10 pm

This is a no holds barred guide,
it will neither hold you hand nor your backside.

You will need to cut out all the noise,
so send away, the children, and the boys.

Chase everyone out of the room with a guttural shhhush...
And plop your tush…..

Into a comfy chair,
whilst hanging onto your hair.

As you sit, firmly grasp each of your buttocks as not to fall,
and rest assured this poem is short small.

---

You must understand that as you age,
your daily workouts must approach rage.

Let me repeat so that you fully understand me:
the older you get, the younger your workout must be.

You are not old, but you do have to work on your posterior,
for the simple reason that you are a warrior.

Felling old or even as large as Cincinnati,
does not mean you get to __stay__ a fatty.

---

There is a simple method, tried and tested,
always suggested, and never contested.

Start by walking and later dancing,
all the while controlling how long you are resting.

Use an interval timer, a clip on or an app,
and let it help you close the resting gap.

You must work out more and more,
and rest less and less – this method works for sure!

And once you eliminate all the rest,
you will be fit enough for your first quest.

Walking woodland adventure trails,
like a locomotive that neither stops nor need rails.

This alone will make you healthy and young,
but also give you a magnificent new lung.

And here, you will be able to dance without gasping for air,
transforming from a powerful locomotive to a graceful bear. Grrrrr.

And finally, as you dance though all your workouts there is one last thing,
speed up you songs until you barely understand what the singers sing.

---

No more advice is necessary, and although this is just a start,
here the warrior in you will awaken, and turn your workout into art.
