Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fitness Is Sacred, Fitness Is Life
Tuesday • August 27th 2024 • 11:30:38 pm

The modern gym is pretty amazing,
captious, clean, somewhat inexpensive.

In my gym there is a little room,
that blinks a street light telling people to switch machines.

A nearby gym has an area where parents,
can have their kids babysat while they workout.

Another gym has a pool,
and an overpriced one is a huge multistory building.

---

Wisdom is missing, however,
not just body wisdom, but how to get it done wisdom.

Fitness is not a protocol,
as every person is different.

But, it is also not a free for all,
where anybody can make stuff up.

Usually what people make up to look good,
is utterly useless, and dangerous.

And gyms being a business,
won’t help people when they are not in any danger.

They have to ask for help,
but then the workout myths get in the way.

---

Workouts myths like lifting to muscle failure,
sets and reps with maximum weights.

The very things that are taught in school,
that all the tests and books regurgitate.

They are spreading myths that are harder,
than the right way of doing it.

---

Results of that are pretty nasty,
young people being deeply confused about anaerobic exercise.

Some so misled as to cut of their circulation on purpose,
and others down right fanatical about divisions between anaerobic and aerobic.

Recently a person asked me to present evidence for high volume training,
in a single breath adding, Thank You.

Though they seemed to be honest enough,
most times such a question is asked with bad attitude.

And any science I attach to it, is just ignored,
and this is not about science anyway, it is about quick results.

Scientific literature will evaluate small areas of the whole,
but never a full workout that produces results for real human beings.

---

It is difficult to explain a real gym workout,
to show someone what to do and how.

Their misconceptions, and the want to blend or fit in,
is just that strong.

---

People who are out of shape who have fat to burn,
should only use the gym during bad weather.

The body transformation must begin in parks out in nature,
and their first major milestone should be full hour non-stop routine.

This can be walking with 3 pound dumbbels,
or 1980’s aerobic training.

Many people may need to use interval timers,
to extend their endurance for a full h...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... just a few seconds.

---

This is where the myth of lifting heavy may come from,
over time it detached from the non-stop workout.

And became this abomination of lifting really heavy,
and resting really long.

Which is 10 times slower than high volume workouts,
and rarely done correctly, in that the person wont increase sets and reps.

Gyms are not equipped with one pound interval weight gaps,
and even if they were, there would be too many injuries.

Heavy, is dangerous,
and does come with a terrible injury at the end end.

Endurance and physique, however,
is both beautiful and safe by contrast.

---

High volume multi hour workouts, eventually slow down,
as the person starts lifting fifteen pounds and beyond.

Here they arrive at rapid bodybuilding, it takes a year,
to accomplish what the dangerous way does in ten.

The price for heavy, or ego lifting,
is cruel as heck.

The older bodybuilders, give up,
or just end up needing a walker, or a wheelchair.

---

Whereas multi hour, high volume, low weight, non stop,
is quite safe to continue as we venture in to the golden age and beyond.

---

We have the gyms, the parks,
but the wisdom, is not yet here.

It is such a shame because endurance and fitness,
leads into bodybuilding without much ache.

The right way, is the easiest,
and least painful and safest way.

---

Fitness is sacred,
especially in context of those who need it the most it is life.

Large people don’t always return to the gym,
and those who do, will get discouraged with slow results.

Wisdom of gradually building up endurance,
and boxing a non-stop lifting workout into that hour.

Is much more effective, it is the 1980 aerobic workout,
versus few sets and reps and sitting around.

And that large people should start in parks,
where they don’t have to walk in a circle.

Where it is not a boring box with four walls,
and teenage boys who perfume sleeves before a workout.

Will almost guarantee their success,
especially if they start hiking.

Which is very much,
lifting a heavy weight over long duration.

---

It is still up to the trainers to share wisdom,
from what I tried I only ended up interrupting mine and the other person’s flow.

The root of the problem are the wild fitness myths,
and that will take a long time to fix.
