Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Observations Along A Road To Personalized Educational Paths That Produce Real Results And Beyond
Monday • October 11th 2021 • 4:53:40 pm

There is nothing good to say about the existing system of education,\
it makes students poor and it makes them feel average and unintelligent... and can at best lead to a crappy office job.

The concept of Balanced Education is a Lie, it is a fraudulent invention,\
crafted to rob students of their savings or put them in debt, while obscuring the truth.

The truth is that a standardized curriculum cannot work,\
and lectures in college are too impersonal to benefit the students.

\--

It is not that hard to graduate from college and instead of celebrating, admit the truth,\
the predatory prices, and billing, the debt, the utter nonsense of an education, and just say:

"I have learned nothing that has any real impact on my life.",\
by peddling life insurance the day you graduated you are only helping the fraud, and stealing from the future.

---

There is something else that I've never heard anyone mention before,\
school is slow, the entire system of things is slowing the students down to drain them of both savings and natural curiosity.

We all remember taking a class that we were fascinated with,\
only to be presented with irrelevant off-topic subjects, at an extremely slow pace, suspiciously slow pace.

In other classes, the subjects are not divided correctly, things are out of sequence,\
The best way to learn math is to start with P5.js - with programming.

While OOP is neat, teaching Java was a terrible idea, the language has to be free,\
otherwise students will be forced to pay for their programs, and what an insult to their creativity that is.

And no an open reference implementation is not enough, to parade as a solution to greed,\
the entire ecosystem must be Open Source, that should be a pre-requisite for a language taught in schools.

It is already bad enough that schools are charging for lectures, and that teachers are forcing students to buy self published loose-leaf trash,\
that they artificially alter each year to prevent used book sales.

Greed, money, has no room in institutions that claim to educate,\
to take a single dollar from a students should be reason enough for the institution to permanently lose accreditation.

---

Lectures themselves are inadequate, even something as nice as CS50 f...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...k idea - for all the suffering that it causes.

The suffering at the borders where you are unwilling to look,\
is an order of magnitude higher than homelessness and starvation.

---

If the children were anything like older generations, they would cancel your retirement, you know.

So that you had to work every day for the rest of your life\
if children have to do it, then you have to do it too - but they are BETTER then you.

---

It is hard to word this text in a way that is not a complaint,\
and I somewhat apologize.

But because of the gravity of suffering in the places that we are unwilling to look,\
we can't be silent.

We are propagating very grave mistakes,\
the future historians will examine our behavior at great length.

Especially now,\
where even the most private messages will be available to future historians.

---

Every day you have a choice to rise up, look in the mirror,\
and admit that the emperor is naked.

Each day of your life can become a beginning,\
where you finally say "That's enough".

---

And learn,\
and contribute small meaningful changes to the future generations:

Restore their dignity,\
with Universal Income where they can afford to live away from wage slavery, and choose a life of real education without a fear of going hungry or homeless, or being manipulated or frightened.

Restore their privacy,\
where technology used to communicate between family is not used to create profiles that sell their thoughts for profit, violate the Basic Human Right To Privacy.

Restore their health,\
by ending the use of toxic chemicals and whatever is polluting and hurting Us, Animals, and Earth.

---

Every one of us has a responsibility to Enhance And Protect Human Rights,\
to make lasting contributions that help the future generations.

That nobody can afford to take time off from work,\
does not mean that we should propagate this stupid system poverty to the next generation.

Make your stand, use your wisdom and greatness,\
stop the mistakes that plague **us** from reaching the future - vote to make the world a better place for the little ones.

(Excerpts from the [Universal Declaration of Human Rights](https://librivox.org/the-universal-declaration-of-human-rights-by-the-united-nations/))
