Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Do Not Use Gym Machines
Wednesday • February 19th 2025 • 7:38:14 pm

The only reason why you think a machine works,
is because you don’t know how incredibly fast your muscles grow.

They grow so fast and so well,
refined by billions of years of biological wisdom.

That you are actually hurting yourself,
by using a bench, or a machine.

---

You are not increasing muscle growth by muscle isolation,
you are preventing the rest of your musculature from developing.

Do you understand? You need to lift with all your body,
all your muscles, for hours, not with four muscles for eight seconds.

Non stop duration is earned by jogging for an hour with light dumbells,
and then increasing their weight, until it is no longer safe to slowly jog.

At which point you enter a gym, with 5 or 7.5 pounds per hand,
and do standing dumbbell exercises, which are even better than jogging.

Cycling three of four standing dumbbell exercises,
means you don’t need to stop…

Because you are switching,
between different muscle groups.

This and synchronizing to the beats of music,
will help you with focus.

---

Just do it for three months,
you will not believe the results.

You need to see for yourself, that muscle isolation,
does not make your muscles bigger.

It just prevents your other muscles,
from developing.

---

When you sit on a bench, and lift something somehow,
the incredibly complex system of muscles throughout your body, is off-line.

You trick yourself into thinking that you can lift heavier,
without endangering your back muscle…

But you are actually preventing your back muscles,
from developing.

---

More than that, lifting heavier than your body allows,
means the exercise will fail.

That is not muscle failure that stops you,
you are just cutting off your circulation.

All the while, preventing the rest of your body from adapting at all,
by not using it, at all.

---

I am not even going to speak about machines,
other than just to say that they sell memberships well.

And I will mention that they could help the elderly,
but they would need much smaller weights.

So they are not even good,
at the closest thing they could be good for.

Helping people with severe muscle atrophy, and perhaps deformations,
to get a gentle without much injury.

---

Treadmills, and step machines are minor exceptions,
but there is a huge problem as well.

Because if walking or even jogging is what you are after,
doing so out in nature, will increase your chances of success.

Even in rain, which is wonderful in summer, and an adventure in autumn,
even in snow, which is awesome for your legs and you wear cleats and goggles.

---

Finally, all that bodybuilding is,
is slowly learning to slowly jog for an hour.

And then jogging with 3lb per hand,
and when you can handle that with 5lb.

And then when you can handle that for an hour,
going up to 7.5 pounds, and 10, and 12.5, and up.

---

Jogging really is optional, because eventually,
you lift so heavy that you slow down to a walk.

Slowly jogging at first,
will just make you burn more fat.

But swiftly walking, is just as good,
I bet there is no difference, at all.

So you either slowly jog with dumbbells,
or just power-walk with them.

And always start in the beginning with 3 or 5 pounds,
so that you body has time to adapt for a full non stop hour.

Duration of your exercise,
is more important than the weight you lift.

Though never lift so light that you can lift more,
and of course never so heavy that you are forced to stop.

---

And please consider, how you must power walk with these dumbbells,
as you age, and for life.

How your muscles will protect you,
and your bones will be strong.

How you are going to become,
forever beautiful and forever young.
