Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding For Busy Ladies
Wednesday • October 8th 2025 • 9:27:46 pm

First the bad news, your workout maters a lot,
without exercise your body degenerates.

The same way that a horse would degenerate,
if it was locked in its stall all its life.

Fitness, is the number one formula,
for body health and longevity.

Furthermore,
you will often hear people say:

I can’t work out as hard as when I was younger,
I am not as strong and flexible, and my body hurts.

Well, like that horse, without proper exercise,
we get deformed, we degenerate.

We are animals,
we have to move.

It is not that we get old and inflexible,
it is that no exercise or bad exercise makes us old and inflexible.

---

Everything you know about bodybuilding,
is backwards.

---

Fundamentally,
bodybuilding is jogging with weights.

Once you are able to jog for one hour with 3 pounds per hand,
you then mix in 5 pound dumbbells, and let your body adapt.

That increase in weight,
is what grows your muscle.

If you don’t increase, you will tone your muscle,
eventually entering a maintenance more.

---

But, it is only fundamentally jogging,
what you need to do is flex and turn, and dance.

Exactly,like you see sometimes in 1980’s aerobic workouts,
thought they did not emphasize increasing the dumbbell weight.

So they were burning fat,
maintaining and perhaps adding some muscles as well.

Aerobics are wonderfully illustrative,
that full body flexing motion, is what keep your body young.

And they all begin with jogging,
that is where you earn that hour’s worth of endurance.

And maybe even,
your first 3 pound dumbbells.

Then you just come in to the gym,
and start flexing and turning and twisting more.

You can imagine, how that affects,
all your muscles.

The notion of standing still while lifting heavy,
is just a silly myth, and probably really bad on your back.

---

Jogging with dumbbells,
works on your shoulders, which are already strong.

But at the gym, you have to do bicep curls,
and lifting dumbbells above your head.

Combined with dancing,
that is a powerful full body workout, as you are always stabling.

The two dumbbell exercises, tire out different muscle groups,
letting one rest, while you work the other.

So you can dance non-stop,
just like when you were jogging just holding the dumbbells.

Dancing is a lot more stable,
so you won’t have trouble lifting above your head.

---

I came up with a little bit of,
instruction for you:

Lift light, but not so light that you can lift more,
and never, ever, so heavy, that you must stop.

You should move up by no more than 2.5 lb in dumbbell weight,
the 5lb. Gap between dumbbells is impossible to cover.

If you don’t have a lady or aerobic dumbbell rack,
that is spaced 2.5lb apart, use wrist 2.5 wrist weights.

This way you can go from 5lb per hand,
to 7.5 lb per hand.

And not directly to 10 pound dumbbells,
from 5lb dumbbells, that is too dangerous.

---

Remember, you must never stop during your exercise,
that would mean, you are lifting too heavy, or moving too fast.

Only dumbbells work, and treadmill initially,
the rest of the machines are for people who already hurt their bodies.

Who waited too long to twist and turn,
and dance with light dumbbells.

----

Finally, use music to induce a dance trance,
by lifting to the beats of your songs.

You will need slower songs at first,
and you need to move always from distractions.

Or be in an environment where you can close your eyes,
and not have someone creep up on you.

I used to wear over the ear headphones, with foam earplugs,
but I found that wireless Bluetooth with cheap noise canceling is good too.

---

Your workout schedule, is what you can handle,
use your wisdom as your body improves.

Please, please, do not over do it, the world is scary as it is,
the last thing it needs, is Monster Muscle Beast Ladies.
