Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Learning To Learn
Thursday • April 22nd 2021 • 9:44:09 pm

Learning is like climbing a mountain,

there are no shortcuts, and you have to go step by step.

And it is also like putting a computer together,

or wiring a home entertainment center, you can't leave something out.

It is also like learning just a little bit about ice skating,

you really need to carefully step on that ice and see what it feels like.

Learning for real, is the same as having fun,

being fascinated about what you are doing, enjoying it.

Finally, learning for real is also about long term achievement,

like section hiking the Appalachian Trail over many decades...

...and then arriving at Mount Katahdin, come your golden age;

it is about making a difference, and becoming better for it, adding to greater whole.

When we go to school, and we end up thinking,

if I jump through these hoops I will graduate and then I'll figure the next step.

The strong sequence, the integrated whole, becomes a wet rag,

the aim becomes a carrot on a stick, things become unclear, but we keep going.

It is OK to make this mistake,

so as long as we learn from it.

So as long as we learn,

and prevent others from being taken advantage of the same way.

Begin asking questions about education,

don't just sit there memorizing disconnected facts, demand a real education.

We all have computers now,

we should all learn about programming.

We need to know that a takes an input,

transforms it, often by calling other functions, and return an output, output = function(input);

We need to know what a is,

that it often processes a list of items, one at a time, calling functions with the item as input.

For example, for every user in a list,

if membership expires soon on this user, then send warning message for this user.

Programming, is so simple,

that it only takes a few days to learn.

You have to do it right,

that is what schools were meant to help us with.

For example, YOU NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER, start by just creating a file,

and then configuring things, NO, you start with a .

Only later, when you have time to waste,

you go and read the darn .

I am actually serious about this,

the manual will never tell you what the most important parts are relative to your use case.

If you just need a window with a blank canvas,

for a little 50 line wiki t...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...he first one wins.

It is an arbitrary election mechanism,

but no matter the circumstance, CPU core, user, or server, it is an arbitrary but consistent election process, that always returns the same winner.

What I describe here,

is saving a file.

I have a feeling that only practicing and learning on your own,

will make you sensitive, or maybe even passionate about such little gems.

Even if this ever made it to a test,

how is marking that correctly on a multiple choice exam, or even even making a fake little homework program going to emphasize this as special.

And before any pro complains about using this in production,

this is a useful data backup mechanism, that should be used along side a proper database.

Learning for real is an adventure,

you make fascinating discoveries in your travel.

It is better to learn on your own and then go to school to graduate,

if you still wan to.

Learning for real will also make you happy,

I enjoy experimenting with different variations of the CouchDB inspired file saving mechanism.

Visualizing data being saved without any obstruction, if statement or error,

sure makes for a fun programming session.

In school we get stressed out about passing the exams,

or trying to graduate in half the time to save money, and that is no way to learn.

That is not how a Student should be treated,

a Student represents the future of humanity, they should be treated with great dignity and respect.

I think time has come to view schools that charge for education, and companies that require a diploma,

as institutions that have little talent, will eventually either lose credibility, or just go out of business.

What does a company that demands a diploma say,

about its stability and your retirement plan, what does it say about the talent that you will encounter there.

Will your co-workers be passionate about making cute little file saving discoveries,

or is it all going to be about profit maximization and promotions.

Once you retire,

the real work starts.

You now enter an age where you are experienced enough to make lasting contributions,

to leave an inspired and meaningful legacy.

And at this stage in your life,

having learned for real, becomes even more important, as you rely on it, to become a Great Being.
