Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Spicy Little Invitation To Web Programming
Tuesday • January 27th 2026 • 9:28:59 pm

AI is out first encounter with pure intelligence,
a thinking machine that does not stop, or get tired.

It will do what you ask it to do,
and to be blunt, you first have to ask it to teach you web programming.

---

You have been played by wealthy politicians who wouldn't even know,
how to figure out what poverty is, if their life depended on it.

All your ancestors were warriors and fighters,
some were great beings, many were were artists and an inspiration.

And you don’t get to get this far,
and not experience what it is like to turn the keyboard around.

And say,
“Here, you type”.

If you don’t want a computer, get a virtual reality headset,
you can just out it on have have your lessons there.

---

The programming AI that you can run at home,
just became 10 to 20 times faster with the [GLM][1] model.

---

For the first time in history of humanity,
you can actually pull yourself out of the damn poverty.

Previously, you had very limited range, and you had to do all the work,
today AI will program anything for you.

That means the road ahead of you is unique,
and you arent just going to end up creating more of the same.

---

The people who call AI code slop, are using the wrong language,
ask AI to create a language based on ffmpeg filtergraph for you.

And before it starts creating web apps,
tell it to test the flows via the new node.js test harness.

The AI creates the architecture,
and corrects its own errors, until its perfect.

You have to understand,
that your education wasn’t ineffective it was fake.

The teachers were copying grades from other,
you were never a C or D student, your school was a scam.

That you couldn't learn or that you weren’t smart,
that means you got played.

By the fake it until make it, the pretenders and leaches,
and unhinged political parasites.

Ai is really an infinite complexity machine,
it is like clay, so you only need to create a program that shapes it.

There is an infinite number of programs stored within AI,
if you learn programming you can make many of them yours.

Get mad, make your stand, begin by putting an end to your fear of poverty,
learn web programming and have the AI help you write your first apps.

Build a VR school, or a pixel art game,
or an infinite choose your story adventure that becomes an illustrated book.

Don't ignore Artificial Intelligence,
ask it to teach you web programming.

The world hasn't just changed,
it is new.

[1]: https://huggingface.co/unsloth/GLM-4.7-Flash-GGUF
