Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Short Note About Fixing Education
Saturday • August 12th 2023 • 11:21:33 pm

It is true that there is such a thing as higher education,
but it is not taught in any school in the world.

---

The idea of being taught, is pretty weak to begin with,
a real education is begotten by learning inside out.

It has to start at a person’s inner curiosities,
and move along their own constellations.

It is strange to think, that we can be taught externally first,
from a bag of preset lectures – that is not how we learn.

And it is certainly not,
how we retain knowledge.

Education as we have it today;
does little in the long run.

---

Those of us who have memorized formulas,
and may actually use them from time to time.

Still have been tricked, because underlying the formulas,
are important mechanisms that we should have learned first.

Without knowing how formulas are constructed,
we are mere operators, and that is not what real education is about.

---

The authentic education that helps us rise higher,
is mostly about how to live as a Great Human Being.

This is something that can only be found in profound non-fiction,
it takes millions of writers, to eventually emerge a truly enlightening volume.

An educational institution,
__can’t__ have the enlightening teachers the students need.

And even enlightening teachers,
can’t enlighten forever.

It is only the act of walking into the library,
full of meaningful non-fiction narrated works.

That can help the student,
find their own path towards greatness.

We have done so badly, that the students now need weeks to recover from stress,
caused by largely ineffective education, that hands out fake grades.

They need to be away from concrete buildings and rows of seats;
from pre-selected subjects and threats of life-long punishment.

Such as not being able to get into college,
due to a low GPA, caused by wanting to comprehend and not memorize.

Or being held back a year, which in their mind,
would permanently mark them as broken and late.

---

The students now need Hiking and Camping adventures,
so that the stress caused by ineffective education fades away – and they can hear the wisdom in books.
