Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How Can School Be Fake? Or, How Can Mirrors Be Real If Our Eyes Aren't Real?
Wednesday • June 22nd 2022 • 6:55:15 am

When we are little we learn that the act of taking a toy apart,
is also the act of destroying that toy.

Subject divisions destroy education,
being told what you should be "learning" at any given moment...

Actually prevents learning,
and forces you into memorization.

Teachers are going along with it,
because your education is not the primary reason why they are teachers.

They are teachers, to make money,
to put food on the table.

Sometimes people become teaches,
because they feel it tool a lot of effort to memorize all the disconnected facts.

And they don't want to learn anything more,
they want to turn that effort into profit.

The presidents and prime ministers, all the world leaders,
all the people who would seemingly greatly benefit from fixing schools.

Are doing as little as possible to keep their position,
they are surrounded by people who want to tear them apart, liars, manipulators, mimics...

And eventually,
they reach two conclusions.

One, do your job without an incident,
that is difficult enough.

Two, there is nothing you can do here as the position has been bricked,
to keep liars from destabilizing all the other positions, and limit the potential damage.

Just because a system is established,
it does not mean that it will do what it was designed for.

When you take something apart,
it is all still there but it won't necessarily serve the purpose it was originally made for.

Half jokingly, if teachers worked for grades, instead of money,
then maybe things would change.

A lot of politicians feel,
that they shouldn't worry about the things that you can do on your own.

When you are in High School,
you'll get a bad education, but as you grow you will fix that by reading real books.

A lot of them kind of feel, that it is good enough,
to keep you out of prison, give you text books, and work...

So that they can be the leaders,
and you can be the stuffing, the machinery, the content, the people.

This only sounds reasonable, because while they lead, and you get a crappy education,
the world's dictators use drug trade to stay in power, and fund nuclear weapons research, while religious extremists do all the rest.

Leaders, by just doing the surface work,
are just actors.

Just because war didn't broke o...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...e teachers say, that they don't know if what they are teaching is real,
but if their imaginary creatures of might and glory wanted to do something that looks unreal, they could totally do it.

The do not accept responsibility for the things they teach, because they know they are not real,
and when pressed they will hide themselves behind a major culture, and say, and say X billion people cant be wrong.

They do not aim to win the arguments,
they aim to avoid them.

Here in closing I wanted to explain the opening line of "How Can Mirrors Be Real If Our Eyes Aren't Real",
this was uttered by a young person after it was explained to them that our views of the world are influenced by our upbringing.

He looked in a mirror, and said, if my eyes are lying to me,
then how can my reflection truly show who I am.

The only way to become the person that the adult you should be,
is by means of real education.

Real and meaningful life changing education,
will refine your decision making, to truly make it your own.

So that your older self will be proud of and at peace with,
that you in your youth and middle age have made.

This closing point shows you how critical real education is,
and more importantly, it shows how important it is that you get a real education as soon as possible.

The delaying of the onset of your wisdom by a moderate teacher in a well developed nation,
is as evil, as purposefully warping the minds of trusting students in order to cause regime change or raise a generation of slaves or soldiers.

Get your mittens at narrated books that are held in high esteem by all the worlds intellectuals,
don't pay too much attention to their flaws yet, it is a wonder that they exist at all.

Allow yourself to grow up surrounded by wisdom,
inherit lifetimes of knowledge from powerful biographies and non fiction.

Once your eyes begin seeing through the wisdom that does your elder self justice,
you will then, make the mirrors real.

And what is more, you will then be able to explain,
how the letters on your shirt are mirrored and go right to left, but, BUT, BuUuT, your left hand is still your left hand in your mirror image.

How can mirrors be real if they only reverse text,
and NOT your left and right hand side?

Grrrrrr....
