Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Protect Your Genius
Saturday • December 21st 2024 • 11:31:14 pm

We each have it,
because we can all build with our thoughts.

You use your genius when you learn shapes of letters,
string your first words, sentences, punctuations and poems.

Genius can be interrupted,
because weaving thoughts is a gentle and creative process.

And it is your duty to say, no,
you have to learn and build first.

Not parent, and especially not teachers with their pompous grading system,
and ineffective dog and pony show of education.

You must not let anyone cut up your long thoughts,
because then you will lose yourself.

---

Furthermore, you have to exercise your mind,
with something vast, and flexible.

Some people compose music to find the best song,
others sculpt to create the most life-changing works.

You can start with painting get a wall projector,
large canvas and reinvent color mixing.

But perhaps the finest exercise we have today is programming,
here you can program objects for 3d printing.

Create virtual worlds, text universes, automate AI,
and built endless chains of tools, libraries, and frameworks.

---

If you stand up for your genius, and exercise your mind,
you will need a greater world and calmer places.

And you will find no better than Hiking and Camping,
where you can rest away from stress until books begin calling to you.

Consider walking the triple crown of hiking,
Appalachian Trail, Pacific Crest Trail, and the Continental Divide.

But always take to nature, even if you must travel from snowy weather,
towards warmer climes.

---

Your genius, is already within you,
but it requires that you don’t let anybody interrupt you as you grow up.

And it demands that you find a world of challenges,
to exercise it and refmine it, to help it grow.

But above all, your genius requires the peace of nature,
where you can rest and day dream for months.

Do not worry about what others may expect of you,
your mind must always come first.
