Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A 156 Days Until Halloween, And A Tail of Tales
Saturday • May 27th 2023 • 11:07:38 pm

I suit up for Halloween,
one month and one day early.

And not only is it worth every second,
but it also keeps on giving, throughout the year.

---

Just about a month before this past Halloween,
as I was making my way to the local gym…

I noticed by a busy mailman,
presumably a career man…

Who might have served in the military,
and had an appreciation for all things thunderous.

As my gym workouts seem to be working out,
in that split second, I reminded him,

That he too promised him self,
to put on some muscle.

---

And in just that second,
I walked into the full view...

And he noticed my enormous tail,
this is where I heard him murmur that age old question.

And where his admiration abruptly ended,
but my laughter, oh my gosh, this is where my laughter started.

---

Not a month has passed since,
where I have not replayed that moment in my mind...

Repeated his words “What the duck?”,
and then burst into laughter, all by my lonesome.

I am telling you,
dressing up for Halloween way early…

Is a s good,
as vitamins.

---

Little over a hundred days is not a lot of time,
to get working on your costume.

You have to test it out,
and possibly refine to make it durable.

Whatever Halloween used to be...
as it came into the modern age.

It is now an excuse,
to build and wear…

Your superhero outfit,
for a whole month, and a day

And you don’t even need to fight crime,
though it is always a good idea.

No filthy perp is gonna mess with you,
when you’re wearing damn armor.

---

And personally, if I may,
I think all superheroes need a tail.

We are great apes, after all,
we spent more time with a tail, than without one.

It is great for balance, and based on my own observation,
a tail accelerates abdominal muscle development.

Plus, a bushy tail,
it is a great hiding place for a katana, or two.
