Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding For The Elderly
Friday • December 20th 2024 • 9:08:10 pm

Again, like a dummy, I fell this week,
but it was no big deal, not even a bruised ego.

I primary landed,
on the palm of my left hand.

The noise,
my now-beefcake body made.

Was similar to slamming a dinosaur sized steak,
on a large stone counter top.

---

My previous fall made me feel like a boiled hot dog,
comically bouncing down each of my 12 steps.

But this time, the sound I made,
indicated that I was perfectly safe .

Because I was wearing a bio-mechanical armor,
over every bit of my skeleton.

---

The fat guy me, could have hit his head,
face down, my then fat arms would not support 280 pounds of flabbier.

And fat is not armor like muscle,
plus it limits range of motion.

Even though the fall had little to do with it,
I could have hurt my back even.

If I was frail and elderly,
I would have planted my head into what is essentially concrete.

Falling face first,
could even cause a concussion.

---

But as a junior bodybuilder, I popped right up,
and glued carpet tiles in all the slippery places.

Point is a slip and fall, is a lot less dangerous,
when you have muscle.

But it is not just about falling,
it is about living, and having your muscles serve you again.

---

The next day at the gym, I am not sure how,
but a random thought entered my mind.

And I begun asking my self the strangest question,
could it be that jeweler, is not just decorative?

That wearing heavy jewelry was once a way,
to prevent muscle’s from fading away in elderly.

Put enough chains on your hands in the morphing,
and shuffling around a stone age roundhouse…

Just doing daily chores,
would prevent muscles from fading away.

As night follows the day,
if a person is more attentive to their weights.

They could gradually increase them over time,
and actually end up putting on muscle.

There will be some initial aches,
but a daily weight down routine would eliminate them fast.

---

Excited, that even if jewelry was never used this way,
it is still a hell of a way to extremely quickly explain bodybuilding.

I ran up to a fierce older man, and I carefully explained,
without getting int detail.

He yelled at me that he is 78,
and he’s been working out for 50 years.

And gave me such an eye,
that I barely whispered you are not old yet.

But his expression went from,
annoyed to angry, so I quickly retreated.

---

Even so, if I wasn’t afraid of being beat up,
I would give him my 1.5 pound each leg weight.

Which I picked up for 2.50,
at an over priced used crap store.

Vinyl with birdshot on the inside,
is far from jewelry.

And not as nice of an on ramp to bodybuilding,
as my jewelry example.

---

I would still recommend to elderly to start with a [heavy chain][1],
wrapped over a bandanna on their wrist.

As no one would protest such a light weight,
no matter how atrophied the muscle.

And then slowly graduate to a half a pound,
[neoprene wrist-weights][2], onward to all the way up to 2 or 3, maybe more.

Please notice, that there is no gym here,
is just walking around with soft and gentle weight on wrists and ankles.

---

I am of course aware that a lot of people will resist,
and may not be interested bandanna or soft neoprene even.

But I already found a perfect way to convince them,
the kind of chain I recommend, is called a self defense chain.

It has smaller and smaller links on the attack end,
so that it functions as a whip.

Show me one single elderly person,
who wouldn't dream on having two, one on each wrist.

Now, of course, violence does not solve anything,
but, also… there is an exception to every rule.

It sure as sunshine solves having some whippersnapper jackass,
interrupting your hard earned over the course oo 50 years workout.

With some dumb ass hypothetical,
that wouldn't make any sense had you sat there listening for another 50 years.

(whip sound, lol :)

[1]: https://www.amazon.com/s?field-keywords=self+defense+chain
[2]: https://www.amazon.com/s?field-keywords=soft+wrist+weight
