It is hard to find the motivation to learn programming,
which is little more than functions filled with ifs, loops, and other functions, if you are not sure what to aim at, or what to dream about.

And it does not help, when people fail to give you simple answers,
and instead babble about thinking up, backwards upside down pyramids, and building or inventing on principle.

So without getting into details,
I present to you with your imaginary company;

Your Company, Inc. Which sells monthly subscriptions to its product,
they may offer a lifetime license for a dollop, that is OK too.

This simple product called “Marketplace” is a store that sells files,
or images created by AI, but there is a twist to it.

---

But first, let us take on the role,
of Your Company customer.

This is a person that loves the idea of AI art,
especially selling entire packs of dozens of related images.

That then can be used to decorate a room,
or an cheerful office, or make a bunch of t-shirts with a common theme.

This is where the twist begins,
because they already had an on-line store.

But no one was buying anything,
there was no community, no chatter…

And advertising brought in visitors,
but nobody really signed up.

This is where this young lady had a brilliant idea,
she would allow users to open up their own AI art stores inside it.

And while she would still hope to sell her own products,
she would make the bigger money…

By taking a small percent,
of whatever other users sold.

Let us call her Alice and name her business,
Alice’s Marketplace.

---

So Marketplace, the Your Company, Inc Product,
is not an e-commerce store that sell files.

It is a multi-store marketplace,
where every registered user can open their own store inside it...

And the owner of the marketplace,
takes a small percent of every sale.

They don’t telly need to sell anything,
and they may not really need to do much advertising either.

Because when a user opens up a store they are presented with a todo list,
where they have to create at least ten art packs.

Use AI to create good product and store descriptions,
and spend time working on their brand, like logo image, bio, and graphic theme.

Most importantly, they have to advertise their products,
not all at once, but weekly, may...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...king huge amounts.

---

The second experiment, deal with making important parts of your code public,
code is hard to keep secret anyway, any of your customers can leak it.

So make it open source, where critics, other programmers, penetration testers,
and even black hat hackers can examine it.

You may setup a bug bounty program, where you pay a thousand bucks per bug,
and half jokingly take that money out of your lead programmers golden parachute.

You won’t open source everything, not your User Interface stuff,
not most of your plugins that add that fancy functionality.

Just the core, where Authentication, Authorization,
and Throttling is located at.

(Throttling is used to prevent DoS attacks, where too many requests are sent to your website at the same time,
and while Authentication is just Passwords and Session Cookies.

Authorization is embedded in the code, and constantly evaluates, what groups the user belongs to,
and if that group can execute some core API function in your program.)

This isn’t as scary as it sounds, because you can pay a penetration tester or two,
to go over the code before you release it.

Though, I think it would benefit code quality quite a lot,
if your wrote your Marketplace program, that the code will be public from the get go.

---

See, programming is not like math, where you memorize it and it is useless,
programming is exactly the same as superpowers of superheroes.

Except,
it is not a silly fantasy.

Learning programming, will grant you the ability,
to make invented ideas into actual reality.

A programmer is like a real magician,
programmers can use code spells to make things appear in reality.

---

Traditionally becoming a programmer is something you do on your own,
you learn in a sequence that makes it fun, and at the pace lets you dream.

As a side effect, it will teach you,
to tell effective and ineffective education apart.

Beyond programming, as you grow, you will take to your own narrated non-fiction book,
in your own sequence, at a pace that makes you wise and without being slowed down by school.

Here, you will find, that every human being is charged with growing all the way up,
until they rise to stand as a great independent being, capable of making lasting and positive contributions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code

Your Company, Inc; A Programmer’s Journey
Tuesday • May 2nd 2023 • 10:55:34 pm
