Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Genius! Or, The Dunces Can Easily Help Themselves, But Geniuses Are Very Nearly Beyond All Hope
Thursday • May 29th 2025 • 8:14:46 pm

Genius is a silly thing, for silly people,
but in a good way too, because nobody ever really stops learning.

Put your self in charge of a team of software developers,
and in comes a genius for an interview.

It is best that you show them around,
and let them learn how life really works.

Be kind be generous,
see it as an urge to learn beautifully, because that is all that is.

---

Genius is also a cruel thing,
because it makes people who think it is real, give up.

It is also an idiot thing,
as it makes men pay membership fees.

---

And it is also a mockery of architectural knowledge,
it presents puzzles void of context.

That “the geniuses” study,
for the puzzles sake.

Where in reality, you learn intricate and meaningful things,
with which you build living cities that you can navigate.

Provided that you remember,
what the heck you intended the day you made the mess.

---

Programming already demonstrates the difference,
between real and fake education.

At the end of a real day of learning,
you become more powerful.

At the end of a fake day of learning,
you are handed more disconnected noise.

That will work out great to merely convince you,
that you learned something... when you pass the multiple chose exams.

---

Programming is very useful to show how the mental models,
or the cities are architecture are the true treasure.

For one, your start is always different,
like starting a computer game at a random level.

So all that you know, ought to be flexible, adaptable,
you will be navigating twisty little passages under constraint.

You may have access to a database, or just a key value store,
you maybe online, or only have a cache of files to work with.

You may assign a value to some variable that yo hope to save,
or you may need to check revision, give it a universally unique id.

And understand, that at least at first, your data will not show up,
and even if eventual consistency is reached, it may not win the edit conflict.

At least not until, a human or AI,
comes to resolve the conflict manually, if you are lucky.

You may have access to files,
but it is unlikely.

You could hope to set an event in the future,
but what if the phone is in low power mode.

Then you may need to schedule an alarm on a remote server,
and hope to push a notification.

---

Natural born genius and talent,
is revealed as a fantasy, a hope to be more special.

---

Above all, don’t let it trick you,
that you are not smart.

That is very dangerous,
because that is what you school is already doing to you.

Standardized education, can’t work,
as there is no such thing as a standard being.

Only individualized instruction can work,
and even in the age of AI that could give you just that.

It is better, that you, yourself, accept the responsibility,
for your own education, and use AI as a tool.

Next to narrated books, written by philosophers, adventurers,
science popularizes.

But even more important than listening to narrated books,
is where you listen to them, where you chat with your AI.

It can’t be the classroom, it can’t be work, it can’t be a busy city,
it can only be adventure, the hiking trail.

Appalachian Trail, Pacific Crest Trail,
The Continental Divide Trail.

Stars, Grizzlies, The White Blaze,
Trail Magic, Trail Mix.

Clever Bobcats trying to frighten you,
into giving up all your snacks.

And maybe a tiny bit of you buttock,
certainly if you’re a “genius”.

---

It is away from the city,
where the apple strikes you on the head.

Away from the stress,
when you dream up your benzine ring.

Out in nature,
where you discover the depth of your pond.

It is the ancient quest,
that unmixes your mind.

You invent first and write later,
you will invent nothing at a keyboard.

You will find nothing near, what you once thought genius was,
when you are locked in a concrete maze, dashing forward in a rat race.

The world needs more than what you know, it needs you to flow,
it need you to grow all the way up, until you become a great being.
