Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Letter To The Teacher Community
Thursday • August 12th 2021 • 4:24:05 pm

I was one of your students...

I know you can't make the necessary changes,
but that does not mean you should continue doing what you do.

First of all I know a lot of you hate the kids,
you hate the way the challenge you.

Well, they challenge you, because they can read your mind,
they have a tendency to ask:

"What would I have to think,
to match the behavior of the teacher"

And then they act,
like they have no idea who you are.

They don't actually care to know everything,
they really just care about one question.

Whether or not you are a great being,
that deserves the respect you demand by means of the chain of threats.

In case you missed it...,
you are meant to be an inspiration, but you are a threat.

You are threatening the children with bad grades for which they will be belittled and punished at home,
and you are threatening then with being held back for which they will be made fun of and punished at school.

The one thing you don't do, is threaten them with anger, when you are angry at them,
they see the real you, and they get a confirmation that in fact nothing you do matters.

The internet is full of videos with titles like "Teachers Yelling At Students",
"teachers losing their temper".

And yes, "Students Yelling at Teachers",
which shows not how bad the students are, but the results of their parents and your actions.

It shows a mind wired for survival,
adapting to threats.

We could sit here for hours picking the good from the bad,
I am going to cut that short, very short.

And I am going to say this to you,
.

I will give you two examples...

The moment children are marked with grades they stop learning for real, and focus on grades,
once you split a subject into 45 minute pieces smeared by tests, it becomes meaningless noise that can only be memorized.

This idea of you having a bad day in school, because the kids weren't listening,
or acting properly is madness.

You are putting them in a toxic environment,
and you waste their time, with subjects that cannot be integrated into a unified whole - which is what a healthy mind requires.

And have you noticed,
that they measure their intelligence with your GPA?

It does not take very long for us to figure out that you grade students,
based on other grades, the C students al...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...way out, is start-ups,
and self education.

Grab them by the hand, especially the scary ones,
and help them to see that people will give them some seed money, so that they can expand their ideas.

Help them know that people want them to succeed in business,
and that they will take little more than 10% of their success.

Are you beginning to see now,
what your job was supposed to be?

Whether or not Socrates said it,
he certainly meant it meany times.

They are wired for survival,
they just need to see the truth.

The truth is that what they need is tools, like start-ups, like self education,
and what they are getting is noise, like your shitty lectures, and the meaningless cut up subjects, and stain of grades that you smear them with, and the garbage of indoctrination that they are getting from most everywhere else.

Grab them by the hand, and help them to narrated books at the library, and videos on the internet by real teachers,
by those who have been voted on by the entire humanity as having something worthwhile to say.

Please, help them, help them to find peace in Museums, in Botanical Gardens, in Galleries and at Art Exhibits,
help them to watch over the animals at the Zoo, maybe they can find a way to save our , they aren't evil, they are just big Kitty Cats.

Help them become artists with the use of ,
so that they may meditate at the museums that will grant them space.

Help them learn to assemble and use 3D printers,
so that they may create custom computers and machines for the upcoming climate changes.
 
Make sure that their narrated books never run out,
make sure everyone goes home with an mp3 player - let that be the shield, in the absence of real teachers.

Rage, rage, to help them to self education,
find every magnificent way that will keep them growing.

That will keep them fighting their way out of their indoctrination,
out that ***** poverty that our use of money put them into.

And quit,
quit being just a teacher.

Quit being this cog in the machinery that that is only ripping their uniqueness out of the minds,
this brick in the wall nonsense must stop.

Quit,
and become the Great Being that they all once wished, you already were.

What follows is am incomplete list of Humanity's True Teachers,
of Humanity's True Leaders.
