Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Genius
Wednesday • April 1st 2020 • 12:22:10 am

Genius, is a collector, and a master of frameworks.

One of the most pop frameworks, is English. Or as we will call it here: The
English Framework for Advanced Human to Human Communication.

The "Double U", the 26 unsqiglies (as I call them - my original alphabet
has extra squiggly letters I never knew what to do with). And then the
comma and, Oxford Comma, the mysterious semicolon, the haunting tilde?

Rhymes.

Poems.

Songs.

Letters.

Essays.

Transcribing Lyrics, of a song that paused your time, classes, grades,
parents?

Memorizing Poems?

Quotes? To thine own... yeah you did.

Speaking. Reading. Writing.



Once you have the framework down, you gain special abilities, like
Storytelling, for example.

You can warp facts to construct fantasies based on real events and beings,
now transformed into Mighty Ice Giants, maybe Dragons, Lost Worlds, and
Faster Than Light Travel.

You can encode a lifetime of experience in an exciting story with enchanted
objects, and transcendental superhero journeys, here you can easily pass on
a message across centuries. You can leave stones unturned that will mark
forks and joins that will call to others to add to your story, to keep it
alive across centuries even as English evolves.



My friends, the story of remains unfinished,
Aglæcwif of Ælwihta Eard; beacons her side to be writ. Was Grendles Modor a
monster, would she be an Ide then?

Was the Dragon a mere reminder, a clumsy blurb for or is
that just the introduction to the real story, the story that has little to
do with men like Beowulf who can't even take down a fat flying lizard
right. A story burned to the ground by the spirit of the age, the Greatest
Story Never Told, The Story of The Ides of the Old World.

Pick up the pen. Rebuild the story a thousand times, and let the version
1001 earn you a place in history.



Genius, is to answer the challenge. Ælwihta Eard, is the world of our
childhood stories, from Baba Jaga, to The One Ring, to Harry Potter, and
beyond.

Genius is to pick up the pen, and not fear sounding foolish.

Do not deny your stories to those who are still learning the lessons you
have already mastered.

What if your "Not good enough", will become the best they ever had?

Mightier than The Sword.

When I was learning English, my most pow...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...at they are not allowed to stand in your way of real
knowledge.

They are interrupting your real education by threatening to mark you down
for not following their worthless directions which can only lead to
memorization, which in turn will soon result in you forgetting what you
force-remembered.

It is not possible to retain long-term what you memorized in the way you
did it. If that is what they expect of you, then you maybe being taken
advantage of. The motive is teacher getting paid, and ultimately, school
qualifying for more funding.

GPA or not, you still need those Marvelous Frameworks; or people will
easily mislead you. One example is which a lot of
people fall for, but there are more complicated and closer calls like
and , and now . You need to be
knowledgeable enough to foresee consequences of what is going on in the
world.

Your life depends on it. The future of this planet depends on You, don't
count on the adults, they're all going to retire of old age soon enough.

Your life depends on real education, your knowledge has impact on
everything from internal decision making, to external politics of the whole
World.

The teacher will soon retire, feel great about all the great work, and you
will become the future.

Just, take it upon yourselves to learn on your own, it is safer this way.

You can stay in school, learn in library and from audio books.

Real knowledge will always beat what you memorized and forgot.



You were born a Genius. You are a Genius. It is not even that big of a
deal, you are a human with a brain, Genius is what we do. On the other end,
people saying they are better than you because they are a Genius, are sick
from poverty of mind, they got fractured, stuck. It is sad, let us hope
they feel better and catch up, but pass them on as they heal.

Keep moving forward, keep learning, the World needs you to grow, to grow
all the way up, you, and all your peers, and all generations to come.

It is the journey of self education that makes the real difference.

Begin your journey under the banner of Unrelenting Pursuit of Excellence
and Love of Wisdom.

The Future, and The World, it will all be Yours.

You are far more than Genius.

Unbreakable.

Unstoppable.

Uncontainable.

Unpredictable.

Uncontrollable.

You Are The Future.
