Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Looking Towards Powerful Education
Wednesday • October 12th 2022 • 10:34:47 pm

For some part of your adulthood, you should consider being a business owner, even if just to see how startups and investors work.

So, let us leap into this moment, right now – so that you can glance at two versions of your educated self.

Would you hire you? or would that jeopardize your business?

So let us now ask, who would you, hire. because what they need to be, is who you need to become.

Their education, is almost certainly self education, which means learning about what we feel passionate about.

You can’t learn, something that you don’t want to continue learning, tomorrow.

Look at them, being passionate about their pursuits, month after month, for years.

Our education, must be authentic, not just for, job security, But because knowledge begets wisdom, and wisdom begets greatness.

Greatness, just means growing all the way up, that is where all human beings, ought to be headed.

You must reject fake education, and if you don’t know where to start…

Perhaps consider finding tutors to , which is like a board game, like chess, that gives you real feedback.

Or consider , use a wall projector for perfect shapes, and you can exhibit at local coffee shops the same month.

Build a magnificent portfolio, full of might and magic, Slowly, month by month, teach yourself authentic things that strengthen your existing knowledge.

That is the only way that we can ever graduate for real, and it is also the only real way to become authentic creators.

Do not sacrifice your youth towards fake education, that is very unsafe, and it is a lot harder to make time in your adulthood.

Do not, compromise with fake of infective educational systems, in any compromise between good and evil, only evil can profit.

You are not a resource to be turned into student loans, you are meant to grow all the way up, and become a great being.