Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rise; And, Don’t Let The World Drag You Down
Wednesday • December 4th 2024 • 12:06:05 am

You are to never see another human in negative light,
unless negative is all they do.

And if that is the case, stop speaking to them,
do not play their games, do not fight them.

If you ever ask yourself what bullies what from you,
it is to make you a bully out of you too.

They want you to hurt them,
and they want you to win.

They want you to snarl like them,
they want you to be like them.

So that for a moment, as they corrupt you,
they can feel like it is the new normal.

They can feel,
like they ar normal again.

---

I am one of the last remaining shit kicking boy scouts,
no alcohol, no drugs, but also, no friends.

Nobody likes,
a boy scout.

Despite that one of the first things at my gym,
was boys accusing me of using drugs.

I was a fat guy, and I don’t know why,
but one boy pointed at my water bottle.

And said that is his gear,
that is gym slang for drugs.

But that was my nasty, cheap,
energy berry drink from the superkarket.

It was the only time I ever tasted,
the devil’s a$s.

I now make my own milder drink mix,
with electrolytes.

I am still overweight,
so I workout hard.

---

Shortly thereafter, another boy said,
I wonder what we would find if we tested his bottle.

Rice flower, it is used as a buffering agent,
to slow down the release of the energy mix.

Then, a couple noticed me drinking green stuff,
that was just a title bit of mouth wash.

As I had to go to the dentist,
because of a broken tooth.

Last year a young lady filmed the rice flower for 45 seconds,
and, again, what is in your drink came up yesterday.

---

When I fist stepped into a coffeshop, in Michigan,
the now dads, were doing drugs as teenagers.

It was seen as cool,
I gave care and advice, but no friendship.

Drugs meant people were given bad culture,
so they were just a symptom.

Alcohol and temporary relationships usually followed,
and lies, and manipulations were eveywhere.

I still though of troublemakers as friends,
and when I finally left I cried for ages.

---

In fact, I once met a Valkyrie,
out on mission of vengeance.

And she taught me that people cry,
in a million ways.

She was crying about what was done to her,
angry people who just want to hate, cry.

And when I write about losing my friends,
I cry too.

---

But there was no a...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ntually saw me as the one that is odd,
abandoning my friends was the loudest thing I could say to them.

It was best,
for all.

---

Even without legalization,
you maybe face a turd like my friend did.

And you have to treat them,
like a bully.

You have to understand,
that they are trying to make you one of them.

So that they can feel normal,
but the only way they can become normal is by going to rehab.

You have to learn to resist,
and even to walk away.

You must protect your mind,
you have to protect your dignity.

And speak loud and clear,
when describing people trying to get you to use drugs.

They are not your family,
they are not your fiends, they are your destroyers.

---

Many users will be deeply offended,
but I am only reminding them who they once were.

I am asking them to go to rehab,
and grow into powerful and noble and dignified adults.

Who can serve as an inspiration to children,
not as the means of destruction of the brightest within them.

I am a big fan of the West Point Cadet Code,
A cadet will not lie, cheat, steal, or tolerate those who do.

That last part is my favorite part,
it ask you to rise.

Those of you who have already crossed the line,
I ask you to be more than just offended.

I ask you for rage, for fury,
for the best within you.

So that you have all the energy you need,
to challenge life, rather than let it bend you.

Go shopping, get a back pack, three season tent,
and especially a little pink shovel.

And go, Walk the Appalachian, Pacific Crest,
and Continental Divide trails.

Learn to say no, learn to keep moving,
and when you make it to the end of your third trail.

Become a guide,
so that others may follow in your footsteps.

---

The rest of you,
rain your wrath.

And rise to no end,
hand on 10 minutes more, if that is all you have.

But learn to walk away,
as soon as you can.

---

I don’t know what drugs do,
but I ten tell they make your life pass you by.

They not only make you need more drugs,
but trick you into thinking that you can’t live without them.

You have to rise, you have to learn to grow,
and grow all the way up, until you become a great being.

You’ll know what to do fro there,
but until then, rain your wrath, kicking and screening.

Resist, and leave,
find a better world.
