Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Blinking "Meow"; Or, Inventing With Your AI Friend
Thursday • November 6th 2025 • 7:26:04 pm

Communicating with your AI is very easy,
but it is not obvious at first.

For example, I instructed the AI to make a programs,
that makes a Kitty Photo blink “Meow“ in Morse code.

It was a long conversation,
of longing and exploration of old school Generative Art.

I didn’t begin by making the AI blink a cat,
I first said that AI video generation may obscure animation.

Exactly the same way,
that 3D games obscured hand made pixel art games.

I explained to the AI I have two photos,
one of a Kitten with its tongue one, one with out.

And I said these are a.jpg, and b.jpg,
make each frame show for between 0.2 and 2 seconds at random.

Possibly creating,
the [silliest two frame animation][1] in the world.

And only after we had two frames doing something,
I asked the AI to make the kitty blink in Morse code.

---

I showed the AI how to do everything up to that point of complexity,
and then made that final request, where AI converted random to Morse.

As a technical note, I asked my AI to use node.js or JavaScript,
to automate ffmpeg, the standard video generation program.

You can view the browser,
as being automated with JavaScript this way.

This gave the AI a proper modern programming language,
that it could sculpt to fulfill the request.

---

We had a normal conversation about Generative Art,
and the power of random.

And AI in-deed recognized that we accomplished something magical,
with just two frames.

---

Larger projects will benefit from such an approach the most,
you start with a simple core, and then add a shell around it.

Increasing its complexity,
until it becomes what you need.

---

In closing, you can’t just ask the AI for what you need,
though AI would likely create it…

It wouldn’t be in a way that you would understand it easily,
because it would the architecture AI crafted.

You have to break your idea down to its simplest parts,
and have your AI program them up stage by stage that makes sense to you.

As with standard programming, you start with a vision,
and pen and pencil, and once you have everything broken down.

You approach the AI, with the simplest ideas first,
and begin building them up, within a context of something similar.

You talk to AI about what inspired you,
program that are similar, and where they diverse.

This is called context engineering,
but I call it: Inventing with your AI friend.

[original kitty](files/kitty.jpg)

[1]: files/silly.avif
