Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You Were Super Smart All Along; Or, How Fake Teachers Sold The World
Tuesday • August 8th 2023 • 11:10:41 pm

Real teachers are amazing,
they show you our world and bring light to the universe.

---

Fake teachers,
on the other hand.

Threaten you,
be it by holding you back a year…

Or destroying your GPA,
which will affects your entire future.

Or by yelling at you,
or by making the class laugh.

Or the most devilish threat of all,
trick you into thinking that you are stupid…

In front of all the friends,
you ever had.

---

It is a very simple thing the fakers are after,
they don’t want you to understand.

Understanding requires,
that they know what they are doing.

It requires, passion, curiosity, wisdom,
and loving the subject they teach.

The fake teachers,
discover very early on.

That when their curriculum is incomprehensible crap,
you under the many layers of threats, begin memorizing.

It is like a light bulb going off in their head,
teach crap, and they will just memorize and pass all the tests.

They make no effort to integrate what they teach,
they instead scatter it into noise.

They betray you,
and force you into becoming little memorization machines.

The A students are simply desperately memorizing,
you are just as smart as they are, but they didn’t put up a fight.

---

They never knew real education, nobody does, early on,
so they dove right into memorization – after all that is what the teacher wants.

You are up against a massively inconvenienced liar,
they lie that they don’t want you to memorize, and they lie that it is hard work.

Not even a real teacher, but just a decent human being,
would never threaten you with being held back or having your future ruined.

Or call you names behind your back, dunce, hormones, loser,
all the while tricking you into useless memorization, so they can get paid.

---

Real education, real knowledge, touches your heart,
it connects to the constellation of curiosities within you.

Real knowledge flows, like the walls of your house,
close your eyes, and begin moving along the wall starting at the front door.

You will remember everything, outlets, imperfections, and every feature,
that is what real knowledge feels like, you can follow the path in your mind.

What the fake teachers are doing, is pushing you to remember,
other people’s walls, they are making you jump, that is un...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ps of water in the desert.

        This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch, the
beauty of the baud.  We make use of a service already existing without paying
for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't run by profiteering gluttons, and
you call us criminals.  We explore... and you call us criminals.  We seek
after knowledge... and you call us criminals.  We exist without skin color,
without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals.
You build atomic bombs, you wage wars, you murder, cheat, and lie to us
and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals.

        Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity.  My crime is
that of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like.
My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never forgive me
for.

        I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.  You may stop this individual,
but you can't stop us all... after all, we're all alike.

                               +++The Mentor+++

</pre>


Kosmos
By Walt Whitman
1891

Who includes diversity and is Nature,
Who is the amplitude of the earth, and the coarseness and sexuality of the earth, and the great charity of the earth and the equilibrium also,
Who has not look’d forth from the windows the eyes for nothing, or whose brain held audience with messengers for nothing,
Who contains believers and disbelievers, who is the most majestic lover,
Who holds duly his or her triune proportion of realism, spiritualism, and of the æsthetic or intellectual,
Who having consider’d the body finds all its organs and parts good,
Who, out of the theory of the earth and of his or her body understands by subtle analogies all other theories,
The theory of a city, a poem, and of the large politics of these States;
Who believes not only in our globe with its sun and moon, but in other globes with their suns and moons,
Who, constructing the house of himself or herself, not for a day but for all time, sees races, eras, dates, generations,
The past, the future, dwelling there, like space, inseparable together.

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzSnvxejenY
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9n1F1JupY8&pp=ygUQQVQsIFBDVCwgYW5kIENEVA%3D%3D
