Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Super Simple Power Workout That Delivers Visible Weekly Results
Thursday • October 19th 2023 • 11:11:50 pm

This is a serious and enlightened workout program,
that will beat the snot out of everything and  everyone else.

---

The exercise part,
is just dancing with dumbbells.

But you have to earn endurance,
to dance for long enough to change.

That is it,
that is all it takes.

---

The whole world has misunderstood what working out is,
and the way to get back on track...

Is to understand that a workout is non stop,
failing here, is the reason why nobody progresses.

You may not stop to rest during your workout,
if you do, then you reset it, and have to try again.

You workout daily, only taking a day or two off,
when you start accumulating too many injuries.

Unless you are a huge pussy,
you won't even feel a thing.

---

Skinny people need 30 minutes,
heavy people, three hours.

---

In the beginning,
you may only be able to do 30 seconds non stop.

It makes no sense to leave the gym then,
so you do rest, but only so that you can try harder.

And eventually, get to 10 minutes non stop,
this won't take very long.

But then minutes of dancing with dumbbells,
is a big deal.

Wait ten minutes, do it again,
and try to get to 30 minutes non-stop.

---

So you hop along in the beginning,
needing to rest and push harder.

But that is not a workout,
that is just increasing your endurance.

Here, you are just on your way,
to your workout.

Keep the two separate,
a workout is eventually earned with hard work.

You first extend your endurance,
you battle your body.

---

Thirty seconds, one minute, five minutes, wow!
ten minutes, twenty minutes, thirty minutes - you mutant.

Then one hour, then two if you need it,
and three, if you were large.

Three hours, will change you very quickly,
three months is probably all you will need.

Then you fall back to two,
and as you become skinny, 30 minutes.

---

You just dance with dumbbells,
for as long as you need; and eat meat.

Eventually returning, to a much shorter workout as your body transforms,
into the skinny version of it self.
