Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Heart Card: Helping The Human Family Converge on Wisdom and World Peace
Monday • July 5th 2021 • 9:46:54 pm

Preface

We can't have elderly suffering from poverty,
or people living in broken down houses, or poverty pushing people into addiction and or crime.

The sooner we realize this, the sooner we can make this imaginary concept of colored pieces of paper work for us,
we can grow up this century, or five centuries from now.

I think we can all agree that it is better not to wait with such terrible things,
we owe it to the future generations.

It is better that they are born to a world where nobody is stuck,
where people have homes and food.

And something tells me, we are not going to be able to address climate change,
if most of us are scared of losing our homes and becoming hungry.

Just creating these side social security programs is not enough,
there needs to be a central program, by which the government and its people as a whole, are judged.

It is a thing that prevents people from ever being scared of going hungry,
and gives them a car and a home, and health care, dental, therapy, and a real education.

These are good things,
that will make the nations of the world strong.

I don't have a solution, what you are reading is an imaginary, philosophical idea, and a fantasy,
but it is meant to help you think about helping the entire world, not just one nation, all the nations, until we no longer have need for silly borders.

Every generation should end higher than the previous,
we the people of this generation, have to rise, so that the little ones don't have to put up with the nonsense that we had to live through.

We are creators,
Humans shape Humanity.

If I am correct and poverty does hold humanity back,
then we need to get rid of it, so that we can grow.

Overwork will only force the little ones into more overwork,
we have to find a way to end world poverty once and for all.

Heart Card

I think, poverty is a kind of a civilization based virus,
it is propagated by small mindedness, and it emerges out of the primitive beginnings of each civilization.

Ultimately, poverty will destroy the civilization,
even if all it does is prevent the brilliant minds from blooming.

Don't take my word for it,
all you need to believe is that poverty causes harm to the human brain.

And that it destroys our teeth, our bodies, our energy,
...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...it would stimulate other nations to follow.

Since nobody is tracking how much people are spending,
there is no debt, there is peace, happiness, a huge drop in crime and soon to be empty prisons.

This would help us focus on climate and world peace,
climate change and pandemics, could push the world into nuclear war, the politicians always have somewhere to hide, but cities and the world will never recover.

Despite what evil people think,
there is no money to be made from poverty, and mind you this is a self imposed poverty, we all accepted that colored pieces of paper is a thing.

It is good for keeping track of corporate profits, and Wall St.,
but it is not good to keep a Humanity in poverty.

And we don't have to give it to ourselves,
let us live in the mess that we created.

We just need to give it to all the children
born after January 2022, let them have a Peaceful Future, because they are the ones that will have to fix the mess that we brought forward.

The card would be given to a child along with their birth certificate,
and it is no harder to replace than an ID card.

It has a red heart on the front,
and a small explanation in the back.

You are meant to learn Knowledge, grow in Wisdom, and grow all the way up to become a Great Being,
be good to your brothers and sisters. And please, look after the future generations, yet to come.

We are born free of sin and delusion, but we do make mistakes,
because we come form of Apes and not Fallen Angels.

But we are also capable of fixing our mistakes and mending the wounds,
and rising above the less knowledgeable younger versions of ourselves.

The World was once plague by poverty, and this card is proof that we can fix our greatest mistakes,
in return we only ask that you may become a Scientist, or a Philosopher, or an Artist, or an Adventurer.

We ask that you become a Great Being,
and make positive, meaningful, and long lasting contributions to the Human Kind.

We are one family, the national borders are as imaginary as the blight of poverty once was,
as imaginary as the fantasies behind all the religions that divide the world in yet another way.

You are our Dream, and our Hope, help us, help the world unite,
Help The Human Family Converge on Wisdom and World Peace.