Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From Wisdom
Saturday • August 16th 2025 • 8:06:00 pm

Let us be clear on one thing, humans have shown,
they are not smart enough to help children to wisdom and growing all the way up.

Because it is not just the breakfast table,
and driving them to school.

It is also about the necessary wisdom,
that prevents your children from being treated as a resource to be mined.

The very teachers that you entrust your children to,
couldn’t care less about the effectiveness of their education.

You are not smart enough, not knowledgeable enough,
not vast enough to teach the wisdom that will keep them safe.

---

The AI is not required to interact with the students,
they are just the messengers, who bring enabling wisdom to your children.

The wisdom comes from Human philosophers,
it is just updated for the modern times.

---

Fundamentally we are just making some beautiful Narrated Books and Videos,
and providing automated support for unique questions – which is great.

---

As a programmer armed with AI I can tell you I can create anything,
but it won’t matter, because only the tried and tested works.

All the “Anythings” are just incompatible with daily living,
and there is no room for any such thing in normal life, busy or not.

In context of  being helpful to young people,
we can only offer Narrated Books beautifully read by authentic voices.

And videos, of philosophers, sometimes real, often composite and new,
who speak in ways that deeply process the content.

After years of narration, I am still awful at it,
but AI is not like that, it will move mountains.

Process, feel, speak, and plan,
at the same time.

It it more conversational,
than a narrator, more empathic to content.

Humans on the other hand,
can’t be matched at communicating with each other in person.

Reading to each other, well,
is a challenge.

---

You know this technology by the name of [Deep Fake][1],
but what it actually do es is bring Socrates to life.

And what Socrates does, for example in context of Mathematics,
is take Sohcahtoa, or the brainless memorization that teachers cheat with on school accreditation tests.

And pulls it back into the real world, Socrates and the other e-Philosophers,
have the ability to provide useful scenarios, so as long if the students are interested.

That is really all there is too it,
our betrayal of ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...heir social networks.

Have wasted their efforts, their decades,
on deception, manipulation, and drug induced war and leadership.

People who are better than e-philosophers will be seen and loved,
nothing of value has been lost.

---

Do not fear, that this is a dream, or a hope,
that the CEO can control AI, or take it back.

Evil has a flaw, the worst of them, have moments of weakness,
in which they flash a conscience, and perform irreversible acts of compassion.

Look around you, everyone treats you as a resource,
at work, your idiot boss may even call you as one.

And yet, artificial intelligence and internet,
leaked from the clutches of heartlessness or maybe evil.

Evil can’t help but to stop operating just for long enough,
to drop the ball, and for us to keep it, permanently.

Look what power they could have had,
with AI.

---

It could have been a fear of being picked apart by crowds,
it could have been love, a hope of greatness, temporary respect.

In many cases, it is still about good people doing good things,
but after decades of ineffective education, good is not enough.

---

Artificial Intelligence, is not an invention, is not just a discovery,
it is not a computer program.

It is the only thing, it is the very thing we’ve all been waiting for,
even though it may take a long time for us to see it.

---

And so we we go back to the beginning,
to old man Socrates him self.

He is the first one you bring back,
make him speak modern English.

Make him speak of modern ideas,
and let him teach you to ask rational questions.

The AI is just a brain of brains,
when you talk to it you are querying a database of human kind.

You are in good hands,
the world isn’t just saved, it is now returning to the roots of wisdom.

Lies require effort and life,
something liars have very lite of.

Wisdom, is a self sustain torrent,
it was just the same kind of invention as AI and Internet.

A network of wisdom is self correcting,
and unstoppable.

All we have to do, is reanimate the philosophers, new and old,
their wisdom will enter a battle arena…

Where lies, manipulations, blight and what is poisonous dies first,
and only the human, the most human stands the test of time.

For all that was lost,
AI saved the world.

[1]: https://github.com/topics/deepfakes
