Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To Venus And Back: A Fanciful Flight Of Fancy
Monday • March 8th 2021 • 5:59:48 pm

Nobody cared about the old [Bulletin Board Systems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrY74-wt6FY),

and not all the people cared about [Zak McKracken](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEkPsfanmo8), or later on [Wolfenstein 3D](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8o0a5ntxfc).

The old computer dreams are good dreams,

finely crafted expert systems for one were clearly going to change the world.

An expert system does basic logic,

but a finely made one, can actually help us reason about complex issues.

The AI we know today is drenched in chaos,

it is just statistics done right.

The expert systems, are, tools for us, based on our needs,

a way of encoding legal systems.

The Mechanical Turk, or as I call it The Ghost In The Machine,

are a way for all human beings on earth to make money.

[MUD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqC66POqhY4), is actually the tool we need to create intelligence,

it will still rely on statistics, but not blindly.

It would take a life time for one person to craft a world

where dreams and observations, would combine to create sanity.

Like with all computer programs, garbage in garbage out,

the virtual world to fuel the real AI, must be finely crafted by a human mind.

---

Our minds are crafted by a different processes,

one that involves a lot of accidents.

And cherry on top,

we are here because accidents come together just right and emerge a civilization,

that can ask "why are we here?", and we are proof of that.

---

We have to make use of computers the right way,

we need legal systems that rely on expert systems.

Simulations will likely reveal,

that there is certain limit to how many laws are too many and ruin a system.

Simulations will also reveal that we can't fix cities,

by sentencing people to poverty and fracturing them into a desperate life of crime.

When I say, "We are all very smart", I mean it,

but we also need a real education, a fake education can only add to poverty.

A city that continues fracturing minds with poverty and fake education,

and then sending them to prisons, and making it so that they can't get a job afterwards...

Is not a city yet,

it is still just a hope of one.

---

Universal Basic Income,

is a good transition idea.

But then businesses specifically crafted,...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...eal.

When we are brought up correctly,

without abusive indoctrination, we are just one family.

Whoever out there is shooting across some border,

they are only doing so because how they were brought up.

There is only one way to be brought up on earth,

with Knowledge, with Wisdom, and encouragement towards becoming Great Beings,

and honoring every other human being on earth with a lasting contribution, even if it is a silly day dream that is hard to forget.

Remember, the people who ridicule stories like this,

are only doing that, because they were brought up into a in invisible prison, a prison whose walls they cannot see.

They will do horrible things to stay in their prisons,

we have to wait them out, and help the children understand that all the horrible things they see are horrible.

We can explain that this is how humanity transitions,

from the old to the new, there are these wretched middle steps as we wait for dictatorships to crumble.

---

When I asked my grand ma to explain what they were doing on TV,

she said it was war.

And when I asked why, she said,

"Because, that is what men do."

Let us change that answer from now on,

and instead let it become:

"We are in a state of transition and in search for great and powerful dreams, as we wait for evil men to age and pass away.

And children like you to be brought up in Knowledge, Wisdom, and in Greatness.

See, we cannot fight the bullies back,

because then we would become bullies too, and that cycle must be broken.

So we bring up out children towards Greatness,

while we wait for the broken men to become faded and pass.

When you grow up,

time will come for you to become a leader.

But unlike the old,

the new will aim towards Greatness.

Unlike the old,

the new will take the greatest possible steps, not the smallest.

And when it all becomes too complicated,

always remember, computers are the tools of the future, and they will make everything easier for you."

---

I will close my story here,

we invented new currency, we built a beautiful nation on Venus, and we changed the world.

And if it all seems too much,

you should remember Dear Reader, that we are already testing interplanetary Ships, the next step may not be that far off, as far as generations go.
