Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Highschooler
Tuesday • March 3rd 2020 • 10:32:27 pm

We knew there was no conspiracy, no deliberate ill intent, no plan to
betray a student for a paycheck.

Many of the teachers were our friends, family, people we admired. Many felt
bad about the level of education we were receiving.

But, whether they liked it or not, consciously or subconsciously, at the
end of the day, it was clear that the teachers were forcing us to memorize
for long enough to pass standardized testing, and the administration didn't
have a problem with that.



They meant no harm, they did it so that they could get paid, so that the
school could get funding, so that everyone would keep their job. But those
who didn't rise against it caused harm. They interfered with our real
education, harming creativity, erasing individuality.

In K-12 they taught us that delicate hearts belonged with mommy at home,
that bullies were a fact, and life is never fair. They hurt our hearts, and
shamed us by saying. "Oh, just grow up, already! Because, you need to
improve your grades."



"Today, we'll get it all working, and today we'll get paid. Tomorrow,
tomorrow, when everything is worked-out and working, we'll get to the
students - one thing at a time." - They'd say.

But we knew that tomorrow never comes, once the new day starts, it is
already today. The tomorrow they thought of, was more of a garbage can for
nice-to-haves.

They were working very hard, and it was all very hard work. But they didn't
have the strength to do both, their job, and make schools work.

In effect, everyone forgot about us. They forgot we were the point and the
future. Their aim was no longer our education, but merely staying in
business by arranging for what in effect became, an impression of one.

To accomplish all this, some changes needed to be made, they first
convinced themselves that they were doing a great job so as long as they
were working hard, and then some things needed to be taken away, and a few
needed to be twisted around.

We were forced to recognize that teachers work really, really hard, that
the administration works very hard, it is all hard work, extremely
stressful. People give up days off, cancel vacations, make sacrifices.

To question administration or teachers while they work that hard, makes for
a heartless, cruel, shameful petty little stu...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ically half of them quit anyway.

Management was focused on grade points and funding.

Everybody else was parading solutions, but there was no time, any extras
were aimed at symptoms, extras just added to the weight of existing
problems.

The root cause was that we were not safe, and we were not learning.



We accepted the responsibility for our own education.

We begun learning on our own, through internet, Audio Books, trial and
error.

We begun building more and more small companies, and the more we failed the
wiser we became.

The moment schools begun interfering with our companies, with making money
that we used to support ourselves, we became dropouts.

But we did look back, we aimed to fix Education. To make all those
countless forgotten aches and pains count.

At first, nobody wanted to talk to us.

There was a problem with how Investors viewed people who paraded their GPA
or even completed schools.

The Investors didn't want followers, and above all they didn't want
cheaters that tried to pass their GPA as something authentic or even
meaningful.

The Investors sought Natural Born Leaders, they sought Evidence of
Exceptional Ability.

The Investors sought people who rejected the inauthenticity of broken
education and didn't partake in stupid charades.

It was almost like High School became a mechanism to keep the
administration busy, the teachers blind, the students poor, and the parents
dreaming.

Staying in school had a negative impact on our education, on our futures.
College and Premed brought sleep deprivation into the farce, it was a
dangerous joke.

In the end all we had was our friendship. The school was tearing us apart,
the Start-ups kept us together.

Looking back at how young we were, how unbreakable, how fierce.

Though we didn't believe in schools, we doubted ourselves for years. Now,
looking back, we searched for mentors, but none were to be found. But, in
the absence of teachers, we became the teachers.

To quote an old commercial: We were The Crazy Ones, The Misfits, The
Rebels, The Troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes, the ones who
saw things differently, who were not fond of rules, and had no respect for
the status quo.

We were the ones crazy enough to think we could change the world...

... and we did ...
