Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Simple Architecture Of Real Schools
Friday • April 23rd 2021 • 9:32:46 pm

Let me just open by hypothesizing ,

it is because they don't actually know how, and .

Let us use, learning a photo editing program, as an example,

today schools use multiple choice tests to asses the knowledge of a subject.

Instead of evaluating the students by for example asking them to create a fake photo,

hide it among real photographs and let the class try to guess which is the fake one.

Schools use questions like, what is the purpose of image desaturation?

A) making it sharper, B) making it lighter, C) all of the above, D) we're pretending to teach to take a paycheck home.

I know that in a real image editing class, an actual program is used,

but the photo editing program we are using here, is an analogy for mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology.

It is meant to demonstrate fake lectures,

and matching ineffective tests, in serious subject.

But even in a real photo editing class, the teachers still end up failing the students,

because the real grade would have to be opening a successful photography business and making $100.

This could be signing up with Unsplash, and using the site to become a Droneographer or a wedding photographer,

see, just learning how to use a photo editing program is useless.

The class must begin with photography, center around image editing,

and passing all the students that now have a functional business.

Schools can't do this, because it would reveal them as ineffective,

so as long as we are OK, with them being already ineffective, we are wasting our time, and the time of all the children.

Oh and by the, your kid is not supposed work Fast Food, or Retail,

those are not jobs for the children that represent the Future of Human Kind.

Schools, actually could provide the students with 3 to 10 "side projects",

a side project is a miniature business, that makes about a $100 a month.

To return to our analogy for mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology,

these subjects are not being tested, the only thing that is tested here is the students ability to temporary memorize.

This is fraud, math is actually quite testable,

but since schools are not teaching, all the children would fail math on a real test.

The math nerds, are not a vote for things working out sometimes,

they are self...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...that pops up in a class list on their tablet.

It is used by many courses,

and what makes a course outstanding, is that it helps the student with making money.

Due to money being misunderstood,

the world is cutting off the oxygen to its collective brain.

The classes presented to the students have to help the out of poverty,

Generative Art is about selling large beautiful canvas, with intricate high resolution computer art.

Some of those graphics, will be created by trails of objects that use Newton's Calculus,

animation classes lead to a job in graphic arts, providing videos for advertising purposes, or as background to long winded poetry.

And computer game classes, help the students sell apps, and games,

here lmms is a good example, it helps a person compose in less than an hour, and there are game engines that won't require years of programming.

,

but a lot of players are a lot better at level design than they assume.

The tools that are used for building the levels,

are often part of the game, .

Some programming will be required, and that is the area that would call for Orbital Dynamics and Calculus,

in a first person shooter the math would be related to animations, in a game like larger asteroids would attract the smaller ones with the force of gravity.

Graduation is about successfully learning something that results in pushing away poverty,

in a perfect world education would be more pure, but in a world that misunderstood how to use money, money making must be taught in school.

Jut to repeat my opening remarks,

schools shy away from real results and noble aims, because they don't know how to educate, they are a place where adults go to make money under the protection of a union and an ineffective cirricula.

Real school is a much more personal experience,

and the access point is a computer tablet with Open Source software, where companies can't trick students into paying for what should be free.

The removal of stress that students experience when they realize they are being forced to pretend to learn by memorization or fail the class,

will already make a big difference.

Letting the students choose their own path,

and creating paths that help students become financially independent, will take care of the rest.
