Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Three Types Of Savants, And How To Become One
Friday • January 31st 2025 • 10:09:59 pm

Despite definitions and hot debates genius and savant,
still mean different things to different people.

I want to share with you a recent thought and my three cents,
just to show you that we are all capable of great things.

That there is in fact no limit to the wonders you are capable of,
no matter where you start.

---

The following is based on real events,
but I added a title bit of poetry, so that you see the sweetness of it all.

I’ve heard of a Savant that predicted a fire way in the future,
and the fire actually occurred on the date he predicted.

Long after he was gone,
and long after the mental institution that was his good home, closed.

He loved time, his intelligence was limited,
but he would just make up for it, by memorizing more, and harder.

His psychologist would show him how to use memory palaces,
maybe even by reading Sherlock Holmes to him.

He was lovely,
and the staff liked him.

And he loved time for a good reason,
because he wasn’t granted the same abilities like everyone else.

He wanted to make up for it,
to extend his life, beyond what we see as a hard limit.

He entrusted multiple organizations,
concerned with sending mail at a specific time in the future.

Such organizations may handle dead-man switches,
for perfectly good reason like crappy families and actual threats.

He spoke to the company owner,
explaining that he had trouble with his mind.

The owner put his mail,
in the special outbox.

---

A decade after he passed, from just old age,
and his home long closed.

The mail went out, altering the past, making several queues,
at news papers that appreciate interesting filler material in the back.

The fire never happened,
but his letters, with forged signatures and original stamps, proved otherwise.

This man, really did, best time,
he was a Savant, a master of change.

---

Another Savant I’ve heard of,
gave him self a good education as well, and his mind was perfectly fine.

But he saw a show about Savants,
and he *really* enjoyed something about it.

In the end he would swear he is not a savant,
but he called the show, to alert it, about The Astronomer.

If he called a show that wasn’t about Savants,
no one would associate him with a Savant.

The souther hemisphere simply does not have a lot of...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... as still needing some work,
though they don’t judge, just encourage all to continue rising.

---

The third kind of savant, is you,
at your best, at your highest.

When you narrow down your pursuits,
and carefully select your tools.

I always encourage learning JavaScript,
as it is a language of the C family.

And I encourage, setting one aim at a time,
for my my growing up as a programmer I chose Visual Programming.

And it has been a spectacular journey,
and learning experience.

---

I of course understand that programming may not be for you,
however, you need to understand that there are two languages in life.

The language to communicate with other people,
and the language for controlling machines.

And you need both, for one good reason,
because yo deserve to be able to conduct symphony orchestras in code.

Continue on in pursuit of your talents,
but now armored with great new capability.

---

Master programming, until people begin suspecting,
that you are not like other programmers, and then kick it into high gear.

I know this is a challenge, but AI will help you learn,
it has got you back every step of the way.

Long ago when Natural Philosophers had their rise,
they discovered the power of the scientific method, and it changed the world.

Today that same level power is in computer programming,
AI can now learn unsupervised, it will soon be functionally, self aware.

You need a way to communicate with machines,
so that your mind stays sharp, and poverty never threatens you much.

Whatever your true aim in life,
programming will make you more powerful at it.

---

Last but, foremost,
is the life long challenge of growing all the way up.

A quest that will demand courage, authenticity, dignity,
and pursuits of wisdom and excellence.

It is, and has always been,
an outrageous quest, contrary to what adults will expect of you.

Because the moment, you take your first step,
your life will become extraordinary.

And if you don’t know where to start,
then start packing.

And find your beginning on the Appalachian, Pacific Crest,
and Continental Divide Trails.

Where you can ignite your hunger for books and narrated books,
and connect with all the worlds clearest and greatest thinkers.

May you live forever,
and learn to no end.
