Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Three Dimensional Business Development: Portable Clonal Colonies
Sunday • April 11th 2021 • 8:52:55 pm

The Trembling Giant is a clonal colony of aspen determined to be a single living organism,

and assumed to have one massive underground root system, it contains 47,000 trees.

This text is about taking your first beautiful company,

with an imaginative and eye catching product...

And then making a much more powerful business out of it,

by selling its clones to many business people.

Where your original product sold for $29.99,

the clones of companies that make that product will bring you a much greater figure.

A company represents a dream, people will pay for the upfront setup,

and then pay you monthly until the company is fully paid off.

So you go from $29.99 to relatively impossibly-large-figures,

by simply abandoning your product and selling copies of your company.

Now, here a hardened business person will check me,

no doubt to share a wisdom valuable for brick and mortar shops.

And here comes the first warning, do not open a physical location,

and don't deal with anything that requires a warehouse.

Let me make that clear, no physical goods, no building improvements and remodeling, no cleaning supplies, no employee uniforms,

no equipment repairs and maintenance, no HVAC maintenance, no miscellaneous supplies, no mortgage or lease payments, no physical location,

no signage, no utilities; or it will bleed you dry and push you into a bankruptcy (which is much better than school loans)

Do not create a business that will consume your company,

if it stops making money for a few months.

You have to create a machine that only comes to life when a sale is made,

that only extracts fees from a ready made sale.

Remember, you are selling copies of this company,

your customers should only see a simple relationship between advertising and sales, that is it.

The company must be easily operated via the internet,

and as 2020 taught us great emphasis should be placed on telecommuting, or remote jobs.

Artificial Intelligence is not going to get here any time soon,

if anything AI is just a stupid trick that corporations use to cut expenses by replacing employees with touchscreens for customers.

And AI can only emerge of out accidents,

it will not be a system that will be able to improve it self, it will never know h...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...motion video, time lapse photography, tilt shift photography,

areal drone photography, and set the bounties as needed.

Over time, they will discover more ways of monetizing,

because monetization depends on their users.

For example, City Photography, Inc can allow its users to give each other Monetary Tips, including monthly,

and then take a small percentage of that, this would represent maybe 5% of their moneymaking.

There would be many more ways that City Photography, Inc takes an unobtrusive cut of something,

this may include brand names advertising their labels on the front page, popular users paying for a spotlight and so on.

City Photography, Inc may grow, it maybe purchased by a larger company as the case it with Unsplash,

or it may fade away releasing all its photographs to Web Archive, or similar under the Public Domain license.

The number one deciding factor for what will happen to a company is the chaos and randomness of the business world,

the number two deciding factor is timing, if high quality photography is something that the world is interested in, then they will thrive.

The end of life for City Photography, Inc,

is just a new beginning for out two co-founders, no longer teenagers now, but just as sharp and passionate about business and big dreams.

They will take to another type of business you sell,

as they will now be intricately familiar with what it is like to engage in running a company, with a remote-work back-end that cater to freelancers around the world.

In closing,

create a beautiful little company, have fun with it, and when you are done covert it into a template,

and begin selling clones of that company to others.

Don't stop here, look to other businesses that are fun to use, launch, run,

and copy them, bring in their template into your system so that people that buy companies from you can have multiple choices.

And don't be evil, don't bother with companies that do nothing for those who live in poverty,

they are not worth your time.

Come your final days, no matter how many times you will say to yourself "I made a difference",

you will never fully believe it, unless you truly did make a different, unless you truly did grow to become a Great Being that helped the world grow.