Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Bit More Each Time: A Little Bodybuilding Trick For Ladies
Wednesday • November 12th 2025 • 9:28:24 pm

The most powerful start for bodybuilding is walking,
but you have to pay attention to how far you get the first time.

That first walk, preferably with hefty dumbbells in hand,
not so light that you could carry more.

But never so heavy that you need to leave them behind,
because they are just to disruptive, and too heavy.

Walking far, especially at a brisk pace,
though never so fast that yo have to stop to catch air.

Is a form of fat burning, endurance building gymnastic,
if you add dumbbells that slow this down, it becomes muscle building.

If your dumbbells stop you,
then your exercise is in jeopardy.

Sometimes when you lift to heavy and stop,
lifting light won’t really save your exercise.

Your muscles may ache too much,
you won’t lift fast or long enough.

Too fast, or too heavy, turns your physical exercise,
into a lesson about how not to workout.

---

While the word *gradual* is the answer to everything,
keeping on the edge of what you can handle is second most important thing.

Once you feel like your body adapted,
you have to gradually challenge it again.

A little bit more,
again, not so much that you will be forced to stop.

---

Imagine a fat boy, exercising with this class mates,
his classmates run faster than he can.

They are keeping at the edge, and their bodies will adapt,
but he need to stop to catch his breath, and his body will not adapt.

He went too fast, running out of air,
and doing nothing for his muscles.

He never go to the point where his muscles would receive a clear signal,
he was stopped short, by something else.

This is what people do today, they lift too heavy,
cut of their circulation, and can’t lift anymore.

That is why their muscles are not developing,
they are being stopped short, because they lift too much.

I am not 100% sure they are just cutting of their circulation,
but whatever it is, it works the same, it forces them to stop.

---

They never did the walking, never trained their body up to a point,
where they can jog in a way that makes a difference.

---

Run too fast, get stopped,
run too slow, you won’t get much of a a workout.

But when you ruin at the edge of what you can do,
your body will begin adapting to give you a little bit extra.

If we stay on the edge, our bod...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...nd after excessive,
to figure out how much water you lose during exercise and how to hydrate.

---

Buying new shoes and going jogging, has destroyed the spirit of many,
that is just not what you do – you have to walk and power walk first.

---

As you move past 5lb per hand,
it makes sense to start using a gym.

But to match your slow jog, and stay on that edge,
you will need to dance.

Dance and slow jogging are interchangeable,
over time dance will lean towards bodybuilding more than jogging.

You have more opportunity for motion,
jogging with dumbbells is a full body exercise, but range of motion is limited.

---

Like with jogging you can’t just walk out the door and start walking,
that will get predictable and boring after a while.

You should start your bodybuilding journey by hiking,
where you are always moving, scenery is always changing.

And you cannot help but to break up bad dietary habits,
you will burn fat, put on leg muscle from walking, and strengthen your back.

When you stick with hiking for a while,
you will discover, you aren’t breathing as heavy, and you walk faster.

Your body is giving you what you need for slow jogging,
if you hike hard enough, you won’t even run out of breath on your first jog.

---

That is what I mean by “A Bit More Each Time”,
and how you must gradually increase the challenge.

Your body is a well evolved organism, machine, or animal if you like,
but you can’t fo too hard, because you will get stopped too soon.

Finally, think of a horse you inherited, and now must take care of,
if you overload it, it will never get exercise, it will get hurt.

But when you make sure not to push it so hard that it must stop,
it will just keep getting adapted to the exercise routine by growing muscle…

At which point, you can challenge it a little bit more,
so that the process of adapting to the new challenge repeats.

---

Lastly please know that there are three huge hiking trails in U.S.
Appalachian Trail, Pacific Crest Trail, and The Continental Divide.

They take about six months of walking each,
they are the great launchpads for wiser and healthier lifestyles.

The three together, are known the triple crown of hiking,
and it is considered one of the greatest achievements to cross all three.
