Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Focus On Results, Not Appearance Or Labels
Wednesday • July 30th 2025 • 7:42:34 pm

When you are young, it is profoundly important,
to learn about Artists, Adventurers, Philosophers, and Great Beings.

But also to understand that appearances are misleading,
and that growing up requires constant learning and effort.

Just because someone looks like an adult,
does not mean that they are an adult yet.

----

As we grow, we move past labels,
and value results, over anything else.

I used to call it the sum of all intent across a person’s history,
but I think perhaps, the word results captures it better.

---

This is not about drawing divisions, or belittling adults,
this is about reminding ourselves…

That we must continue learning and creating,
being an adult is not about being older, it is about being wiser.

It is also about safety, we have to eplain to young people,
that just because someone looks wise, it does not mean that they are.

We must teach to judge adults by content of character,
by wisdom, and by how they rose from their mistakes.

This is very important in politics,
image is not enough.

---

Overwork and stress,
ended in me driving to a distant hospital with blood-clots in my lung.

This is what I mean by the word result,
I got what I deserved.

---

As I begun my second life,
I once noticed paramedics by a nearby highway.

It was an old car, he had time to pull aside,
to protect others.

The paramedics look at me on my bicycle,
and we understood the right from wrong.

Work does not set you free,
and overwork kills you.

Not in an abstract way,
but right on the side of the highway.
---

This is why we must young people understand,
that Artist, Adventurer, Philosopher, and Great Being are not just labels.

But stages in life,
that will keep their minds healthy and safe.

A universe without those words, or words like it,
would be a terrible place.

It makes for a fine attack on a civilization, to trick children into believing,
they are not good enough to become any of those.

Or that philosophy is unnecessary,
or even funny.

---

But as you can clearly imagine,
an artists without results, without works of art to display is in BIG TROUBLE.

It means a young person is stuck, and hurt, and unable to think,
and without achieving, or thinking they can grow.

An adult without results, is not a fraud,
but they...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...music and lighter dumbbells,
not only gave me larger muscles but also diminished my sides.

I am becoming movie star shaped,
but I also care about flexibility.

It has been years since I needed to put my dumbbells on a bench,
but I still want flexibility.

And for that I dance, flex, turn,
my flexibility is realistically improving daily.

---

I am not a large bodybuilder, I am aware that muscles atrophy,
and I consider muscle isolation exercises a waste of time.

My dancing however, is about building a life long workout routine,
that I can perform anywhere.

I can totally imagine people tossing a coin into my cowboy hat,
during a workout in my 80s, I can do dancing with dumbbells well.

My total bodybuilding result,
is the result of me seeking little results along the way.

I always check if what I am doing,
is producing results.

---

Compare that to sets and reps, which are like a label,
you show up for the gym, do sets and pres and go.

That grows muscle only once, when you go from sedentary lifestyle,
to doing something, even when it is done incorrectly.

It is very sad for me to see that people go through the effort of going to the gym,
but expect different results from doing the same thing.

I came up with a short little instruction set,
but, even so the few people that I mentioned it to did not care.

“Lift light, but not so light that you can lift more,
and never so heavy that you are forced to stop”.

I tell some people looking for a backbone or quick results,
about interval times.

Noting that the aim of an interval timer,
is to eliminate the rest period, just like joggers do it.

---

In closing, you can see that labels only point the way,
and it is the results that matter.

Bodybuilding and programming,
shows results that can’t be made up.

Also, both programmers and bodybuilders would be able to quickly tell,
how a person go to their results.

But ultimately the person who does the pretending,
is the fool.

Shortcuts in bodybuilding kill,
shortcuts in programming lead absolutely nowhere, it is a very delicate art.

---

Use labels to navigate, to measure how far you will travel,
how wonderful and fantastic your arrival is going to be.

But stand in the area, learn,
wisely evaluating the results of every effort you make.
