Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bad Grades Are Meaningless Grades
Monday • February 22nd 2021 • 6:18:08 pm

You have to punch through what everyone else is saying,

if something feels wrong, you walk, you get out, you don't let people push you.

Long time ago, we had these little schools,

that taught reading, writing, and arithmetic.

And people loved them, everyone loved and admired them,

it was a true gift, and teachers were True Angels of Wisdom.

But schools require funding,

part of that funding is paying teachers.

And what that means is:

money.

Everyone suddenly was a teacher,

and to optimize money, testing, testing, testing.

This is not a school anymore,

this is a business, all the teachers now take a paycheck home.

The concept of grades is very iffy, very lazy, a teacher should talk to the parent.

if grades used to work, then maybe they didn't matter much, somehow.

But over time,

with everyone busy optimizing things to get or make more money.

With schools everywhere needing funding,

with teachers needing to get paid.

Nobody would have noticed,

when grades became everything.

Same with tests, nobody noticed when lectures became too abstract,

and people just started memorizing for tests to get good grades.

So now, we have a school, that needs funding,

teachers that need to get paid.

And lectures and tests,

setup in a way where majority passes by memorization.

And then there are those who assume that teachers are there to teach,

and that the abstract disconnected lectures actually make sense.

They don't know everyone is memorizing,

they assume they are just not smart enough.

C, and D, an occasional B+. but mostly Cs,

it wouldn't occur to them that teachers are looking at other classes and give the same grade.

Nor would it occur to them that statistically a certain number of students,

should have bad grades, and the teacher will make that happen as not to stick out.

And then there is the big one, the biggie,

the one that nobody talks about, that inconvenient fact.

The grades, are actually a performance score of how well the teacher is teaching,

and they have not a darn thing to do with any of the students.

You can't learn disconnected facts,

you can only temporarily memorize them.

Your grades are are reflection of how inclined you are to participate in a memorization charade,

that fetches the teacher mo...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... so that they get paid.

Bad grades are not real,

they just reveal the reality of fake education.

You are just as smart as everyone else,

and your rejection of blind memorization is a sign of and affinity for great authenticity, I'll let you discover where that will take you, on your own.

For all the naysayers, and apologetic teachers with great excuses,

the principals, and the students with perfect grades, I understand what you are saying.

But that is not worth a single student crying her self to sleep at night,

because her grades and teachers are trying to convince her she is stupid, because she is failing your stupid make-believe schools that will lead all into debt and stress.

I honestly believe that people with bad grades,

mature faster, and are in a way gifted, but schools trick them and show them that they have no future, and sometimes this robs them of their beautiful gift.

All the schools are not worth,

a single student crying her self to sleep.

All of these thoughts can be easily dismissed as a conspiracy theory,

until we rephrase them as accusations of fraud.

So,

let us ask.

Why are schools getting funding,

when graduating student do not feel that they have received a real education.

Why are grades being used on students,

when they do more damage than good.

Why is there a standard curriculum,

when everybody has different curiosities, a different pace of learning, and holds a unique constellation of knowledge.

How can an institution refer to it self as a school,

when it causes stress that often leads to tears, and low self esteem.

Furthermore,

Standardized schools have a tendency to convince students to spend their parents money or go into debt from overpriced college,

a paid education, with unforgivable debt, with a significant percentage of students pushed into drugs and alcohol.

The jobs that college graduates get are often less than advertised,

terrible job interviews, with bad starting salaries, and awful entry level positions.

All of this shows signs of fraud, neglect, and lies, and more lies.

All of this can be repaired with a Personalized Education with the Aid of Computers,

and with a focus on building small companies that will help the students to financial independence, rather than debt.