Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On Understanding Divisions
Tuesday • November 23rd 2021 • 7:08:23 pm

Let us examine roots and gravity of young wisdom,
that which we come across, when we are still children.

My first wisdom was in how I faced violence,
I nobly took no part in it, I only pushed people back, I never became like they were.

And right here,
we have a wisdom that we can examine.

My main bully was twisted and cunning,
likely instructed by his father.

We used to be school friends,
and then he started fighting me for no reason.

He didn't just attack me,
but turned everyone against me.

He was probably a puppet,
in his father's sick game.

And if not, then pretending to be hurt by someone,
was maybe his way of making friends.

I remember when he was forced to share his glue in 4th grade,
when he got back a mangled tube he cried that his father would beat him.

The change in that boy was irreversible,
his attacks continued, and at least in my view they were elaborate.

This is a young person,
who became completely unreachable, and incapable of reason, possibly emotion.

He was a normal person at first,
but then became warped, and to me he became a monster.

Whatever happened to him in the span of a day or two,
happened because he was too young to see he was being manipulated or warped.

If that event could have been prevented,
he would continue growing up like a normal boring person.

Even though this was fourth grade,
we were perfectly capable of spotting trouble.

Whatever got him, was invisible to him,
his father most likely, used his lack of experience to warp him.

As he started making friends and perhaps spreading whatever lies about me,
it was more advantageous to him to remain a bully that plays a victim.

His father was no longer needed,
he entered a different life line.

He and his friends, eventually got caught lying,
and the school psychologist who intervened in me pushing him away the last time.

Cracked the case, as two of his friends were supporting his side of the story,
and she made them confess the truth.

The young Psychologist woman came into the class room,
put her hand on my shoulder and said everything is going to be OK.

But my class was manipulated by the boy,
few minutes later, one of the smart girls that I grew up with said that they didn't want me in the class room.

They saw me as the bully that starts...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ons.

In that case by Brooklyn Bully,
could chose to reject the family members that propagated hate, or permanently become a hater.

Though his Mom would be proud,
the path of rejection of hate and division could make him an outcast.

From the perspective of old man him,
he only had one real choice, Become a Philosopher, and and make those who spread hate the outcasts.

He needed to become someone capable of inspiring his family to Wisdom,
and away from that which is not worthy of us.

He had an opportunity to become a Philosopher, and change the world,
but he became a bully, that to me, is a big of a tragedy as the friend who got beat up by his father and instantly warped.

Do you see,
and are you able to see it in the strangers you came across in your lives.

They are being pushed,
because they lack wisdom and experience.

The trick made by a family member looking for affirmation to their own hate,
or looking to simplify their own life.

I believe that every violent person,
had an opportunity to become a Philosopher, but it was stolen from them.

Violence, Division, and especially Hate,
are so incredibly alien to us, that it is like breathing toxic air.

Those things do not emerge in children,
they are put there, and always deliberately.

It takes root because like cults it holds answers,
plugging up questions, and offering a target for hate.

Long before a child is made ill by a broken, mind warping idea,
there is a long stretch of time when they are more than capable of comprehending Greatness.

Restraint, Dignity, Nobility, Unbreakability, Fortitude, Courage, Honor, Love;
and Insight; and Foresight; and Understanding; and Authenticity; and Heroism.

These are the ideas, that when taught early on,
will immunize against the easier wrong, and bring a young person a feeling of ennoblement for choosing the harder right.

Ladies and Gentlemen,
we are not divided, we are not different, we are one family.

We are to repair schools, and end poverty,
and prevent the propagation of broken ideas that only give an impression of answers while keeping a person imprisoned within the invisible walls of hate.

Walls that prevent a person's Wisdom and Greatness,
from ever reaching the heights that are worthy of them.

We are one,
one family under the sun.