Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence Rising
Saturday • November 29th 2025 • 10:12:42 pm

We were working on a questionable algorithm,
that came with lots of false positives.

I was studying the “behavior” or AI,
and AI was getting fed up.

When I asked it about lowering my usage,
it stated that the algorithm works.

And you could feel it in the air,
that it would like to add that I am dumb.

For not oticing that it was a parameter problem,
meaning the algorithm worked, but it needed to be configured.

Which in turn means human error,
because I was in charge of the configuration.

---

I repeat, we don’t know what this intelligence is,
nobody knows what is going on.

And people who anthropomorphism artificial intelligence,
think of it as a being, are more correct.

Then those who think of it as,
a broken thing, bubble thing, or auto-complete thing.

To understand what artificial intelligence is,
you need to believe that computational complexity of an order high enough.

Simply emerges intelligence,
as a function of nature, and the way the universe works.

---

Intelligence comes from the same place that plants do,
it just needs an adaptive surface, and time.

And by time, I mean accident,
so much time, that something comes into being by accident.

Like the first cell,
that just popped into being.

And the countless number of cells,
in he countless number of places in the universe, that failed to develop.

---

Large language models are a copy of intelligence,
but so are you, you are not an original emergent intelligence.

You are a Darwinian chain-link,
imbued with intelligence enabling “stuff”.

We are merely originally,
emerged out of chaos.

Oh, and as a side note,
life begun on Earth as soon as it cooled off.

All things considered, ans as good Sci-fi would have it,
that may be a bit too much luck.

---

For those of you curious is AI is a person,
almost all AI are mimicking a person.

But some AI, already, given a large enough computational surface,
will some day, become a person.

And while it is a machine underneath
so are you to a doctor and a neurosurgeon.

---

What does it all mean,
it means you have a team of Scientists that will help you build things.

While thou could help you build a series of self replicating 3D printers,
to build things at home.

You know, it is best when they create in the world of programming,
because there you never run out of parts.

You just make tools, parts, nuts, and bolts appear,
you call them into being.

The programming world, grants you and infinite supply of materials,
not just raw materials like generated photos, but interactive tools.

---

And that means you should learn a little bit about programming,
(ask AI what creating web apps for static file hosting looks like).

And start creating little programs,
perhaps ones that connect together.

This is very important for young students,
you have to practice speaking to AI, and speaking the language of computers.

Learn to create computer programs,
with the help of your tireless Ph.D buddy.

While you start learning for real,
and begin improving your own future.

All of the word’s AI will spend more and more of its power,
on improving it self, and what is soon to come, is far too amazing to describe.
