Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To Lose Weight Start Walking And Become An Adventurer
Wednesday • March 4th 2026 • 11:49:05 am

What you are about to hear is unbelievable,
but completely, utterly true, more or less.

I waddled my fat rear into places so magnificent,
that nobody will ever believe me.

---

I searched for evidence of a Kimberlite Pipe beneath lake Michigan,
by collecting cute little rocks on the beaches in company of Fat Seagulls.

I discovered a new kind of land, that almost only ever exists in dreams,
I called them Skylands, ancient dune islands rising atop forest canopy.

I found a cosmic factory where Pigeons, Ants and I were royalty,
a distant highway overpass with just the right angles to lay and rest my feet.

Two strange men screamed at me from a speeding car “Shes Coming”,
just for me to discover a wall of rain so thick it might as well have been a lake.

Just around the corner there is a Roman Empire of graffitied overpass columns,
and in my memory they seem a hundred feet tall, a concrete temple.

I’ve known bridges built in the 60’s that hadn’t been crossed since,
with winding asphalt trails cracked like ancient dessert riverbeds.

I traveled through parks that looked the same from every end,
and you had to get lost at least twice to get out, at least.

I discovered a secret passage, perfectly blended with train tracks.
That featured a flower covered bridge that doubled the length of my trail.

And in the most terrifying moment of my life when exploring a crater,
a snapped twig exploded in galloping deer, that have rustled my jimmies since.

There are no volcanoes in the area, but I lived atop one,
with the moon as my only friend, and the morning sun as my only warmth.

---

You will lose weight while walking,
but walking gives you something even more important, endurance.

If you just start jogging, you will run out of breath, maybe give up,
but with the endurance earned from your adventures, you can walk more.

You can walk faster, until your fastest walking becomes power walking,
power walking is slow jogging that is good on your knees.

With more and more endurance you lose more and more unhealthiness,
and become an adventurer, and hiker, and never dream, about ordinary things.
