Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Real Education
Thursday • December 17th 2020 • 8:38:02 pm

Mistakes and Misunderstandings divide Humanity today,

noting can be done because varying levels of education interfere with unity.

One of the biggest mistakes is ineffective education

tricking students into believing that they are educated.

Mis-education, fake education, ineffective education makes us blind,

truths and facts are drowned in an ocean of conflicting and equally wrong opinions.

Real education, is the key to unity, to a common grasp on reality,

but all the roads there are obscured by confused and confusing chatter.

It is not until we accept the responsibility for our own education,

that we will start learning, for real.

The biggest mistake is borders,

groups of wealthy uneducated people coming together to decide the futures of their nations.

These men claim greatness,

and hold up their experience as their proof.

But experience is no substitute for wisdom,

on the surface experience makes a person indistinguishable from a wise one.

The first clue to distinguish the two, is found in length of vision,

when they get around to speaking of problems of today, they will give excuses that they know - from experience - will hold up.

But they will dismiss the future entirely,

because to speak of the future; a person needs a direction, a vision, an objective, a purpose, a wisdom.

Men of experience, are too small minded, too blind and limited, to shallow, to fragile,

to see into things that have no impact on them.

Our levels of education are insufficient to directly address the problems that we face today,

there are too few well educated, knowledgeable and wise beings to repair anything right now.

An uneducated voting majority is all to easily swayed and misled,

and our poverty will prevent our generation from re-learning.

One of the worst things about general poverty,

is that it induces a poverty of mind, out of lack of time, out of stress, fear, and discomfort.

Reality, has no borders, as climate change and pandemics show us,

in reality we are one human family.

And in reality, poverty is tearing the world apart,

it is keeping us weak.

In reality, a teenager in a dictatorship on the other side of the world,

is your friend, they would love you if you sent them popular snacks from your city, some photos and music.

T...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...udents are the future.

We have to remove grades, tests, graduation, class rooms, time divisions, subject divisions, rows of seats, groupings of any kind be it age or area of study,

we have to replace the teacher with personalized learning and tutors.

And we have to give the students what they need, a telescope, a fast single board computer with all the sensors and servos they could ever need,

they need the ability to launch satellites, to operate small remotely operated submarines and small drones, they need access to things they are curious about.

If a student is walking the wrong path, then it is a path that has been been walked many times before, they are asking a question, and they need powerful answers,

they have to see what war is like, what prisons are like, what concentration camps are like - and what love is like - and they will learn.

At the time of writing this in 2020, I realized that there are three nations that operate concentrations camps,

which is probably to say, that there are many; and they need to see that too.

They need to see gang violence, and if they are still around then meet up with Father Gregory Boyle's boys,

for they have surely become Great Beings.

Nothing goes wrong in real education,

real education is about reality, about really growing up, and really being human.

And when these students grow up, become voters, Senators and Congresswomen and Congressmen,

then the liars, and pretenders, will lose their hold on humanity.

And then the members of General Assembly of United nations,

can finally have their day, in agreement and unity.

My friends,

never lose hope.

If something important can't happen today,

it only means that you are to begin building the bridge, for others to eventually get there.

Real Education is the first step,

the second is actually many overlapping steps that will happen all at once, all around the world.

What you have to do is make sure that the students get to own or hold in their own hands the many tools that they need,

to learn, and explore the Human Condition, and The Sciences, and The World, and The Stars; as those are their countless bookmarks and the steppingstones to their boundless steps.

The children want to learn,

and that is all the hope Humanity will ever need.
