Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Can't Walk? Or, Gym, Obesity, And Sudden Back Pain
Thursday • April 24th 2025 • 9:52:24 pm

The great pain comes from an Electrolyte Imbalance and Dehydration,
it will come when the weather becomes warmer, or you work out faster.

Or your diet might have been bad for a long time,
and things just caught up with you.

---

Many stay in bed, because of how ridiculously painful moving is,
but that may mean you are going to be hurt for days.

I have a vague memory for being down for over a week,
I remember crawling on the floor many year ago.

---

The obvious thing to do, is to see a doctor,
but if you can't afford that, you need a way out.

---

If you got here because of the gym,
the gym didn’t hurt you, your body needed more nutrients.

If you got hurt because you are large,
then it is time to begin exercising, and eat healthier.

---

I can’t tell you what to do, because we all have different needs,
but I can tell you what I do, when my back hurts.

First, don’t panic, and don’t change your plans,
move your body as symmetrically as possible.

Distribute your weight evenly,
so that you don’t freeze more muscle, and sit up.

Curse your job, stress, overeating, liars, wars, regrets,
and begin slowly moving in your misery.

Now make your way to a chair, and celebrate,
expanding your motion more and more.

You will need to warm up your muscle,
that means getting to a shot shower eventually.

And once you feel a little bit better,
start slowly dancing, moving as many muscles as you can.

And keep at it, for up to two hours,
moving so much that you sweat, and curse, and scare your cats.

---

You will feel the muscle relax, and let you go,
you will need to get tot he store to get vegetable juice and bananas.

And order Oral Hydrogenation Solution,
that matches the World Health Organization formula, WHO.

This will raise your blood pressure,
so you got to go slow.

It is about half a spoon of salt and six or eight spoons of sugar,
and sugar can give you a headache.

Vegetable juice, may have been on the shelf for a long time,
and even if it is fresh, it may still upset your stomach.

That is not something you need,
when you are already dehydrated.

The point is not to mix your own solution,
and eat seemingly ordinary things, bananas, vegetables.

Keep drinking water, but not too much,
as that gets rid of salt just like sweating.

Don’t make abrupt changes,
act natural, but be sure electrolytes are part of your diet.

If you go slow, not only will your muscles let go,
but the sharp little danger aches will fade away.

Fight not to stay in bed, as that may cause other problems,
our bodies need to move, and you have to prevent this from happening again.
