Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Three Technology Lessons
Monday • January 3rd 2022 • 9:02:20 pm

Lesson One,
The .

Putting heat sinks on the microchips,
and sticking everything into the enclosures.

Booting into Debian Linux,
and playing with the command line.

The PI represents endless possibilities,
and lessons.

It calls to you to ,
it is really easy, start by creating your own WikiWiki.

It encourages learning programming with vim,
and using Linux as the IDE.

It invites to programming with GPIO pins,
a world where your code controls hardware.

From relays to stepper motors,
and Raspberry PI powered robots, and PI Zero Networks.

It simply expands our grasp on technology,
and makes using other embedded computers understandable.

Lesson Two,
3D Modelling.

It is easier,
than Digital Drawing.

It comes so natural and requires so little,
that one can't help but to create unseen things.

Organic modeling is an invitation,
to learn to use a .

This is a skill as important,
as knowing how to use the mouse.

Hard surface modeling,
is an introduction to industrial design.

It is an urgent call,
to create for the 3D Printer.

Lesson Three,
The .

It is a Star Trek Replicator,
where you are the Captain, and your designs print.

Be it Organic or Hard Surface Modeling,
you can now put your creations in the palm of your hand.

From your imagination,
to reality.

The call to create things that you can touch,
never ceases, the new ideas never stop.

Computers and Electronics, 3D Modelling and Industrial Design,
and Fabrication, Creation and Iteration represent safe career paths.

And when you learn something for real,
you also learn how to teach it for real, and enable others.

These are not ordinary lessons,
these re true lesson.

A true lesson,
is a lesson that changes lives.

And just when you think,
you learned all the important parts.

You will discover that you are now reasoning,
by subtle analogy to the new lessons that you heave learned.

You will see Life and the World,
in a brighter light.

And the more Knowledge you hold,
the greater your Wisdom and the closer your Greatness.