Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Firewall: A Fine Internet Business Idea For High School Students
Friday • November 12th 2021 • 5:21:56 pm

Christmas is coming around and internet hackers are buying expensive electronics,


Focusing on expensive electronics,
is a way of filtering out people that can't afford them.

An infected device will will try to hack into other devices on the network,
in hopes of escalating privileges.

People discover various flaws in all kinds of devices all the time,
so if a way to gain access into android phones connected to a local network becomes available in June...

The device that was introduced six months before, will be commanded to hack the phones,
though there is plenty of bugs and out dated devices as is.

What I describe here is a problem that people have,
that is the first step in building a business.

Second step is creating something that fixes that problem,
and note that big companies are blocked from fixing this problem, as they just want to .

So as long as it is not illegal for them,
[companies don't care about Human Rights, you, your privacy, or anything else, they only care about profit, profit, profit][2].

At this point I would like to ask you,
to pretend not to care if your robotic vacuum cleaner is hacking your phone and sniffing to all you network traffic.

Because a problem that you don't care about,
is a problem that you shouldn't be trying to fix.

The reason for this is failure,
a number of strategy, research, development, even marketing failures are coming your way.

And if you don't care about what you are trying to fix,
these failures will make you tired, they will make you bored, and they will trick you into thinking you have failed.

A person who is passionate about a problem, feeds on failure,
they perceive failure as a step towards success.

More than that, people who are passionate about fixing a problem,
will continuously ask themselves at each step "what if this fails?", "what if this fails?", "what if this fails?".

Caring about failure will have a CEO, create smaller failure points, often without thinking,
they may take a longer more cautious road, rather than the shorter that appears to lead directly to success.

Being passionate about a problem,
will cautiously connect a CEO to the solution.

I hope you are passionate about your privacy,
because here comes the solution worthy of a Wold Clas...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...eady to ship your Hardware, all you are doing is branding it,
and re-using the operating system that is already available as a free download.

Your job as a CEO is not to know HOWTO customize Debain into your own Operating System brand,
your job is to find a company, or hire a team member, that will do it for you.

Nor should you concern yourself with Hardware, or greatly customizing it,
you just need a company that will brand all-in-one computers for you, and put the operating system image on the hard drive.

I am certain there are companies out there that will allow you to choose the case color,
choose gold and purple, and few people will complain that ti is just a stock computer.

The computers that you will eventually ship are special,
as those are the computers you will always test your Operating System on first.

And they will change, when you are forced to pay too much for the 2030 model,
then you switch to another company and focus on supporting that computer with your OS.

As we talk about the Operating System,
you can see why being passionate about stopping the damn vacuum cleaner is critical.

It will take many years of research and development,
and no matter how much money there is to be made, you will become tired.

In closing,
everyone who owns a phone is in desperate need of your product.

Everything on their network is always talking,
this is unsettling even with devices that have not yet been hacked.

It may seem like your GPS coordinates and nearby WIFI networks are not a big deal to be send to google,
to save money that year.

, the last ting you need is to continue adding to that,
as .

Remember that your cheap vacuum cleaner has an open SSH port on a modern IPv6 network,
and .

It is not possible to take leaked information back, it will permanently stay on the internet,
the only thing that will work, is to stop leaking information, in the first place.

There is a website where you can see if your email address or phone is associated with a breach,
visit (where the word owned has the hacker spelling of ), enter the email address of either alice or bob at gmail dot com, to get an idea what it means to get hacked.

The world needs your firewall,
you can do this - but only if you are passionate about it.