Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding Is Very Simple, But You Can’t Do The Same Thing And Expect Different Results
Wednesday • July 9th 2025 • 9:19:50 pm

Before you get to bodybuilding,
you have to increase your endurance up to one hour of slow jogging.

The ultimate aim is three hours,
and you will need fluids and vegetable juice to cover sweating.

Once your body adapt, you just add standing dumbbell exercises,
and you continue moving.

At first three pounds,
often so light that you are mostly stretching, which is great.

Then you mix in 5 pounds, a bit more challenging,
and it will slow you down at first.

But you let the 5 lb take over your exercise,
and regain your speed, and watch your body grow.

It is not about how much you are lifting,
but that you are moving up in weights during a non stop dance or jog.

Your body will grow muscle at every increase,
and you probably never need to go past 20lb per hand, or 40 total.

---

It is not just your strengths that adapts,
but you gain experience about what to do, what not to do, what to try next.

Back pain usually means you need vegetable juice,
but you can’t over do it, follow the label.

Falling asleep in the afternoon is probably lack of sleep,
but if you get a headache too, that means not enough water.

But this isn’t something that you can read on the internet about,
it is something you have to keep an eye on.

And it is relative to every body,
and it requires wisdom and responsibility.

---

Dance trance, or as it maybe called flow,
requires that you move your body to the beats of songs.

One beat up,
next beat down.

Without nice, clear, and interesting music,
you will not endure, too many distractions.

And you have to be courageous,
sometimes that’s the greater workout.

You can’t dress to hide or blend it,
and as you see, your workout will be far different from sets & reps.

Sets and reps may take 10 years,
hopping around with dumbbells 10 months.

But you need up to three hours of lifting,
winch with dance trance feels way too short.

I always try to finish,
my programs in my mind.

But you really get just about 10 minutes worth of thoughts,
before the three hours are up, that’s dance trance for you.

---

I wrote a tiny little training guide,
it is just two sentences long..

Lift light, but not so light that you can lift more,
and never lift so much that you are forced to stop.

---

My best case scenario for a workout,
is open gym, on a sunny winter day.

Where you have a slab of concrete with some fine sand on it,
so that you can shuffle dance with dumbbells without any aches.

While wearing,
a cowboy hat.
