Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To The Next Great Human Plateau
Saturday • April 1st 2023 • 10:11:07 pm

An old book friend once warned,
that we are not to serve as Piano keys.

We are not to be played like a melody,
we are different from nature.

We are in fact a force too,
but the manual of life is yet to be writ.

---

We have the opening chapter,
in the Universal Declaration Of Human Rights.

But it is in desperate need of updates,
tens of thousands of new articles are desperately needed.

---

Another enlightened man reminds us,
that we are not fallen angels.

That we are in fact risen apes,
with a history of war.

---

If you unplug from the world,
and allow your self to hear it.

You will see that there are two roads ahead,
a road that leads to constant war.

And a road that recognizes,
that we must rise yet again.

Rise, beyond what we think our limits must be,
we must rise above our nature.

And only thinking,
can make it so.

Soon, the wold will be locked,
by irreversible laws written by uneducated men.

False leaders, who in their childish desperation,
saw on the branches they sit on just to get through another day.

To give the future generations the ability to shrug the chains,
and break the cycle of repeating mistakes.

We must recognize we, the risen apes,
suffer from the blight of indoctrination.

It does not take much convincing,
for us to saw on our own branches…

To protect the beliefs,
that we were merely born into.

Where had we been born to the opposite end,
we’d end up fighting from the other end.

We have to leave indoctrination behind,
we have to reject being played like the piano keys.

This world does not belong to us,
not does it belong to the past anymore.

It belongs to all the future generations,
that are yet to come.

We must take to crafting self directed educational systems,
that bring forth a culture of Knowledge, Wisdom, and Greatness.

---

There comes a moment in every student's life,
when they figure out the teachers are fake, or even hateful.

Today, there is something you can do to help you children,
tell them that they are right, that they have been betrayed.

That false leaders and teachers, can only put on a show,
only pretend that there is a meaning to what they do.

Ask them to turn away from the false leaders,
and face all the great beings in human history…

Who in their great wisdom, actually made,
positive, lasting and meaningful contributions to human kind.

Deliver the countless narrated books right into their hands,
so as the libraries close, they will know their way to books.

---

Remind them that Philosophers love and honor them,
and that your children are not to serve, but rise.

Only the dark machinery of war needs workers,
the real future is desperately calling for thinkers and lovers of wisdom.

There is much work to be done, do not fail to remind them, that to grow up,
means to grow all the way up, until they become great beings.
