Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Learn JavaScript And Get Scared Of What You Can Do With Artificial Intelligence
Wednesday • October 15th 2025 • 8:21:49 pm

Don’t be scared of AI, AI is your fiend and teacher,
and a lovely creature all around.

But it is so...ooo powerful,
that you need both scardy pants and underpants.

---

Let me tell you what you really want to hear,
choose projects that are AI friendly.

That means there is a list of something,
and the AI can build it out for you.

Let me show you exactly that,
this is the [ast-types JSON file][1] AI and I just made.

It is small, but an impossible dream,
I know most things in it, almost everything.

But it would still take me months to assemble it,
you know, it would actually, take years before it was complete.

---

With the help of AI, it took me just about an hour,
this is a speedup so large, that it cannot be reasonably described.

The quality is so high,
that we shouldn't even talk about the monetary value.

The descriptions of the various properties,
have been re-written a couple of times.

To make them easy to understand,
to those who are new to somewhat advanced programming.

---

Overall, this precious list, has 76 items,
totaling 252 descriptions.

You, should consider that to be a small list,
you want to deal with things that have multiple files.

---

I don’t know what would interest you,
perhaps a rhyming dictionary website.

Where you use AI from all over to find good rhymes rhymes,
for every English word, and then continue improving it.

You would generate a static website based on your JSON,
and only feature the best rhymes under a distraction free interface.

There are existing databases of rhymes,
but they are not precise.

You could then sell a printed version,
or an e-book version.

Most importantly this idea demonstrates the notion of lists,
you have to give AI something, and then watch it flourish.

---

For those of you who are learning HTML,
which is like the stuff for text layout and formatting.

Consider all the HTML tags a list, and create custom elements,
based on that list button-x for example.

And make their properties reactive,
today you have to use a mutation observer, very messy.

But you could say, the text of this paragraph,
comes from the value of that textarea-x as easy as <p-x path=”#myText”>

Because you make the text area value into a signal,
and give p-x a way to find th...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...mentation for last.

---

Programming today, is not what it was few months ago,
and it is not like it was few years ago.

Back then we had to do everything by hand,
we were boxed in by things that would take years.

Today, those things take an hour or less,
this is terrifying, it is scary.

And to paraphrase Pearl that little octopus from Finding Nemo,
you are going to ink yourself, a lot.

---

You ask AI, about something that takes year,
and it lurches to work, producing instant results.

You better,
grab your butt.

In all of human history, there was never a tool,
the printing press included.

That would do years of custom u-to-specification work for you,
in seconds, instantly beginning to produce perfect results.

---

Find your list of things, something large and precious,
and start working with AI on it, do it now.

Learn programming with it,
as soon as you can.

When you compare AI and Programming to High School and GPA,
and the powerhouse of the cell.

It looks bad, it looks conspiracy level bad,
world ending bad.

And the moment you start programming,
you even stop being scared of poverty or homelessness.

And now with AI, you become a development company,
and AI based corporation.

And with focus on lists, and and doing that
“let us begin work on version 2.0” trick…

And then adding student friendly documentation,
and explanation and tutorials all AI generated.

Makes all your work, [components][2] and applications,
beyond precious.

---

I already see people say that “all our code was written by humans”,
to which I respond, “keep it then”.

Because I know they cant refactor,
and they haven’t strategically structured their code base for AI.

---

AI has received another upgrade in the last few weeks,
I don’t even use it, but I’ll tell you what it is for.

You tell it to continue upgrading your programs higher and higher,
until they are of a standard that exceeds any and all expectations.

You tell the AI to work on it for days,
and discover websites, books, tutorials, blogs, all of it.


[1]: https://github.com/catpea/squirrel-pie/blob/94df07474fbdb965064feb6408dac7b8f3eba569/ast-types.json
[2]: https://github.com/catpea/squirrel-pie/blob/94df07474fbdb965064feb6408dac7b8f3eba569/examine-template.html#L22
