Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

One World
Wednesday • October 19th 2022 • 10:37:25 pm

Our world is complex, but that is not the case with all of our cultures,
as we will all eventually converge on Wisdom and World Peace.

A lot of young people have trouble understanding,
what groups are.

In their shortsightedness,
they use the word “they”.

This type of thinking leads to more divisions,
as people try to reinforce local groups bonds.

There is no “they” but there is an old trick,
that has been used to create conflict.

Wherever there is conflict,
there are ways to profit.

---

This old trick exploits our minds,
that are always attempting to create a coherent picture of the world.

Our view of the wold is vulnerable to lies,
once we integrated them, our view becomes warped.

---

The examples of groups of people,
hating other groups are many.

But the only difference between these groups,
are the falsehoods they believe.

---

Children will quickly adjust their view,
and stop defining themselves by their local group.

Once their culture is elevated,
above broken ideas and lies and manipulations.

But we have to teach them,
to stop following what everybody else seems to be doing.

And instead grow into a unique individual,
who will assemble their view of the world out of certainties.

In short, teach the little ones,
to always evaluate their assumptions, or check their premise.

---

Schools were __meant__ to be,
the new cradle of the modern civilization.

Upgrading our views beyond simple ideas,
like “them”, or “they” or that, religion, nation, crew, or group.

But that often means children disobeying parents,
and that is a tough sell – as you can imagine.

Parents will not find their lives easier,
after sending their children to a real school.

Nor will the politicians,
who depend on things staying the same.

---

But helping all the world’s cultures grow in wisdom,
to come together without conflict…

Is more important,
than a convenient child.

---

People around the world are beginning to see,
that standardized education, means neutered factory-like education.

They are choosing self education in addition or as a replacement to invective schooling,
and they are flowing around broken things.

---

The world is always trying to unite,
to end poverty, to help people lift their cultures up.

It is within out nature,
to just grow, and learn, and rise.

Someday, soon; the students will look back in wonder,
how we used to demand obedience, and hope for change.

How we used to evaluate student performance,
and not the quality, effectiveness, and and results of lectures.
