Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Poem Is Not For Students
Tuesday • May 10th 2022 • 9:42:44 pm

Truth and authenticity,
are a pre-requisite for Greatness.

Your children must become Great Beings,
with Authenticity, Wisdom, and their Uniqueness.

Public schools are a new invention,
they are no longer moving towards education.

They have been made into a processing plant,
an institution where everyone gets paid.

The who, thing, that derailed schools,
is us, from students on up, inclusive.

When students tolerate education they know is fake,
to be obedient, to be like others, to not to question.

They only oil this machine,
they are the fuel.

For me the symbol of fake education,
is the wall projector in the art class.

The teacher will brainlessly repeat,
some nonsense about Baroque.

And the students will just sit there,
memorizing.

If they used the projector to project their selfies,
and created realistic drawings and paintings of each other.

Eventually they would naturally,
reinvent the Baroque style of expression and decoration.

But instead what they get is a teacher,
who is hardly present.

Going full auto,
until work is over.

The loans are a scam,
any commercial software being taught is a scam.

When Profiteering Gluttons concoct the idea of loans for Teenagers,
with the little quirk, of being unforgivable by bankruptcy.

It means school is over,
and self education must take over.

Your children will be subjected to even more brainless lectures,
as teachers are replaced with videos that can’t ever beat a valuable book.

Furthermore, spying on the students in any way is unethical and harmful,
it is a betrayal of the worst kind.

Eye tracking during tests is especially harmful and demeaning,
this is not how we are to treat our students, this is a disgusting betrayal.

Because to keep making money,
curriculum must be created, and wisdom and foresight be damed.

Closed software is forcing your child to become a customer,
it is an insult to you, to your children, and to your children future.

By the time they reach High School they should be abble to write simple programs,
paint digital portraits, and sculpt and model 3D objects along with being able to edit video and audio.

Linux, ECMAScript and nodejs, Krita and Gimp, Blender and Audacity,
are a must, because these technologies can set your child from poverty.

Something that lo...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...m the door. This automatically turned your mother into a weeping machine. And your father would go down to the tavern where he would get drunk with some other drinking machines. Then all the drinking machines would go to a whorehouse and rent fucking machines. And then your father would drag himself home to become an apologizing machine. And your mother would become a very slow forgiving machine."

"Here was what Kilgore Trout cried out to me in my father's voice: "Make me young, make me young, make me young!"

Charles Bukowski,
One of Our Greatest Poets

"How in the hell could a man enjoy being awakened at 8:30 a.m. by an alarm clock, leap out of bed, dress, force-feed, shit, piss, brush teeth and hair, and fight traffic to get to a place where essentially you made lots of money for somebody else and were asked to be grateful for the opportunity to do so?"

And my quote,
I, am the absolutely worst of all writers.

You are not allowed to deny them
Knowledge, Wisdom and Greatness in any way.

This is their world now,
it is their future.

I will close with a Poem, that we should have read in a wiser, peaceful today,
instead of these terrible quotes.

A poem that is worthy of us,
and that we are worthy of.

Kosmos, by Walt Whitman.

Who includes diversity and is Nature,
Who is the amplitude of the earth, and the coarseness and sexuality of the earth, and the great charity of the earth and the equilibrium also,
Who has not look’d forth from the windows the eyes for nothing, or whose brain held audience with messengers for nothing,
Who contains believers and disbelievers, who is the most majestic lover,
Who holds duly his or her triune proportion of realism, spiritualism, and of the æsthetic or intellectual,
Who having consider’d the body finds all its organs and parts good,
Who, out of the theory of the earth and of his or her body understands by subtle analogies all other theories,
The theory of a city, a poem, and of the large politics of these States;
Who believes not only in our globe with its sun and moon, but in other globes with their suns and moons,
Who, constructing the house of himself or herself, not for a day but for all time, sees races, eras, dates, generations,
The past, the future, dwelling there, like space, inseparable together.
