Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Conjecture
Tuesday • September 29th 2020 • 8:20:13 pm

It started Christmas 2020, the world was already in trouble;

the conjecture in a sentence was this:

"What can be corrupted will be corrupted, and there are no fully operational public institutions anywhere",

it is too easy for bad people to, not just subvert, but erase lifetimes of hard work and dedication.

It is commonly known as corruption, but that didn't matter to them,

because they were not attempting to fix things, they had an idea how to replace everything.

And by everything,

they meant institutions all around the world.

They were going to begin in the beginning, Henry Ford once said,

"If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.",

The idea was that if they went to the Courts, Police or Schools,

they would have wanted the wrong things, that would only invite more problems.

Initially nobody knew how immune to corruption the thing was going to be,

but there was a way to find out.

The thing was a game, it was meant to be a simulation of a city,

it was a simple program that used simple web design principles to simulate a city.

The non playable characters, were little bots that would interact with the player,

the bots were crafted to simulate officials, and they interacted with web pages the way a user would.

So part of the reason why the programming was so simple,

is that bots needed a simple way to pretend to be humans.

When everything went online players would sign up to take over for the bots,

and some of the initial testing was about corrupting the institutions of the city.

The thinking was that, if it was not possible for players to corrupt an institution,

then the program could replace all the management software of a real city.

To their surprise there was a number of cities that were willing to participate in the trials,

it took them a better part of a decade to get everything going, but the initial trials worked.

They knew that they became famous,

when the UN wouldn't stop calling.

It worked because they kept insisting on simplicity,

they kept using bots, and corruption simulation teams for decades.

The program was adopted by almost all the cities of the world,

about 10,000 running copies.

What was fascinating about this,

is that it was still played as a game.

There was a...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...em of automated programs resulted in a lot of convictions being overturned.

This was a prison management system where the inmates were able to present their case in a way that the citizens would understand from a more humane perspective,

again the entire past of that person was right there, tragedies and loss, and stress would be followed by more misfortune, deteriorating mental condition, desperate self medication to get back to a thinking state, and what was once called a Felon or Criminal, once again became a Human, a Brother, a Son, a Daughter, a Mother.

Prison population dropped.

Nobody called this program a game,

it was always meant to change the world.

The cities were always connected together to form a larger Global Metropolis,

originally it helped people with jobs, as users could tell where they could find tasks that fit them best,

But now, decades after the initial release;

the program begun uniting the world.

War, for one became unthinkable,

as people could see how the well being of even one city affected all the others.

There was no such thing as not having a job,

the cities always needed help with countless tasks.

Corruption had nowhere to hide, the crooked politicians had nowhere to hide,

national borders made little economic sense, and Climate Change stopped being an issue by 2030.

Not that they cared for rewards, but The Women behind the program,

the original programmers, received Purple Hearts and multiple Nobel Peace Prizes.

What they did love was the fact that the United Nations regained a certain vitality,

something that they discovered was once lost in the translation.

Every city now has a sculpture to honor them.

Many of their sculptures bear the words they uttered so many times during the initial development, "Faster Horses".

In closing, the conjecture was true.

In the haste of life, people, often out of desperation, will try to meet goals by exploiting systems without active countermeasures.

The only system that can resist corruption and exploitation, is one designed from ground up to resist it.

It takes a computer to create a a corruption-resistant scaffold around the matters of a city.

Where there is no room for stretching rules, the participants can only be encouraged to take the correct paths.
