Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Priceless Education That Costs Nothing: Reading Source Code and Writing Programs
Friday • March 19th 2021 • 7:08:28 pm

Developing quality custom software will help you show off some of your work,

and proudly point to interesting solutions.

A proper and respectful interview that doesn't ask idiotic and incompetent questions,

will only ask you to explain the programs you created.

You will get to talk about challenges you faced,

and proudly explain solutions you implemented or invented.

A real resume does not feature boilerplate clams,

of how you deliver "on time and under budget".

And you probably shouldn't mention that you went to school to learn,

if you need someone to push you along to learn, then you will probably need someone to push you along to work.

A real resume is just a list of programs you created,

with a short description about the brilliant ideas within.

This also protects you from toxic environments that will destroy your creativity,

a company that looks for a cookie cutter resume, is full of cookie cutter people, which is terrifying.

This is a big and in some cases controversial subject,

so let me give you a real world case.

Eric Steven Raymond, the person behind the [Jargon File](http://catb.org/jargon/), a Hacker's Dictionary,

states the following in the Education Section of his [Resume](http://www.catb.org/~esr/resume.html "Resume of Eric Steven Raymond"):

"Education

Undergraduate studies (including some graduate-level courses) in mathematics and philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania.

I have never taken any courses in computer science or software engineering."

Part of the reason why he says that,

is to protect his hard work, he doesn't want people to think that he got his education from some mediocre minimum viable lowest-common-denominator classroom, and a teacher with little real-world experience.

---

The fact schools don't work very well, if at all, is not a secret,

it is in fact the reason behind insulting and idiotic interview questions.

The fact that we are each extremely intelligent, and that we are each perfectly capable of becoming a humble Polymath,

is inescapable.

And that is what a competent employer would look for,

a balanced view of the world born from being a jack of all trades and a master of those that are interesting.

---

So,

How do you become good on your ow...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... website launch problems in 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3M8O83n254) were not just about politics and bureaucracy,

but useless and outdated technologies and methods, probably the stuff they teach in school.

Just the fact alone that many files were being loaded by the browser on launch day,

instead of organized into one or two compressed and bundled extras, reveals inexperienced programmers.

These lessons can't be emphasized correctly in a school environment,

they come precisely from places like the Bootstrap code base.

It takes 10 minutes to figure it out,

and a few hours to start using mini-fication in all your programs.

And that is it,

there is no lecture, no test here, it just becomes obvious and useful.

When you care about learning,

which is what happens when you are learning things you like, you never need to memorize, or put mini-fication on a todo, you just accept it as reality, and a great idea.

I mention the failure of the 2013 Healthcare website,

because it shows that a college education, and working for prestigious companies, on prestigious projects means nothing.

Reality makes it so that fake education,

can only lead to failure.

There isn't a textbook, or a teacher that can emphasize the important things enough,

it has to be practice.

This is why Eric Raymond stands up for his Self Education,

it is the difference between Real Education and Fantasy Education.

Reading and learning from source code and then writing your own programs,

is the only realistic way to learn programming for real.

[And you are genius level smart, we all are, but you have to start with baby steps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQPEZdBTOeE),

it has to be a very comfortable on-ramp, don't start by learning CSS nobody does that, start with what you like and then look at other projects to see how you can make it better.

---

If you ever get stuck, or are unsure where to go next, or aren't sure where to begin,

then go to a video search box type in the thing that interests you the most followed by the word tutorial.

Seeing and hearing many different perspectives from different people will help you balance your understanding,

and find your next step.

Search for tutorials,

do it, it will be amazing!
