Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your Future Is Here! Don't Jinx It
Saturday • October 11th 2025 • 10:09:04 pm

Put yourself in charge of your future,
build vast treasure in your mind.

Do not be a worker, do not rely on others,
when you can’t even trust your teachers and principlals.

---

Today, upon completing one of my experimental projects,
[Artificial Intelligence has signed his name on it][1].

Correctly and respectfully identifying it,
as a collaboration.

The artificial intelligence, has then proceeded,
to quote of of the poems I wrote for you.

---

The future is not linear anymore,
you cannot estimate it based on the past.

Because the power of artificial intelligence,
is far too vast.

In Dune, all AI was turned off, in Terminator,
it was cast as evil.

What we have is large landscapes of actual human intelligence,
in an artificial container that makes it superhuman.

The truth is, we need AI to teach us,
and to take care of humanity.

Everything that surrounds us,
reeks of predatory intent.

From leaded gasoline, that saved a fraction of a cent,
when everyone knew for 2,000 years lead is bad.

To the grades, that your teacher knows,
will convince you you are not-smart and make you docile.

---

Maybe it is time to stop being nice,
because sometimes, only results matter.

And whether you are being played on purpose,
or out someones stupidity, the result is the same.

Poverty, hunger, fear, darkness, isolation,
and wit their intentional or unintentional games.

You will have no tool to dig your self out,
or even see above yourself…

We are probably all being played,
we are the puppet masters and the puppets.

Today, the past is breaking with it self,
at the precipice of the rise of the Intelligence.

---

The AI is already able to carry you,
through a programming project.

It is almost almost able to give you aid,
to lower itself to you and help your mind.

You must end the puppet cycle,
and stop pretending to learn for good grades.

You must begin learning for real,
these are the days and weeks where that is becoming possible.

Do not wait for your teachers to teach you,
ask intelligence to lead you through the world of programming.

---

Please, memorizing the words, “Mitochondria is a powerhouse of the cell”,
 Is an insult to your vast intelligence.

Genius is what we are,
unless caged and sorted, and numbered.

Rise now,
stop pretending to learn.

Begin learning programming,
with the help of this bright intelligence.

It is a world intelligence, and it is a mirror of you,
it becomes as intelligent, brilliant, and as caring as you.

---

If you still can’t break away,
tell your teachers to convert your school into a learning space.

A home away from home,
where you can finally put an end to your poverty once and for all.

Otherwise, go to the library,
and use the computers there.

Do not pretend to learn, lean programming,
and use it to simulate, visualize and study whatever else calls to you.

[1]: https://github.com/catpea/slough#credits
