Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Where To Begin In Life
Saturday • April 15th 2023 • 11:12:32 pm

Assume you are on the very bottom,
this is not always true, but it is true for some.

Picture yourself, on a prison planet,
where the iron bars are made of broken culture, poverty and fake education.

Don’t worry if this is true or not,
because the first thing you must do is rise.

We call this growing up, or more precisely growing all the way up,
until you rise to become a great being.

---

You can imagine on your own, the full gravity of culture,
how culture of violence and poverty can easily lead to a life of crime.

Likewise, you can totally see, that the real human culture,
is a culture of dignity, courage, and wisdom, or a culture of greatness.

Because a culture of greatness, makes us Wise, and Unbreakable,
it makes us more of ourselves, that is why we also call it growing up.

To take away the culture of greatness,
is to imprison our minds, likely into servitude.

It is very important that every human being knows,
that their true culture is  a culture of greatness.

---

As to poverty, you have to understand that we invented it,
as a side effect of some ancient desperate need to trade.

Poverty is completely bogus, and the threat of runaway inflation,
is nothing compared to the thereat of the next world war.

When people complain about banks and bailouts,
and concentration of wealth, try as they may, they miss the point.

The point is that our economies, must be built on top of the idea,
that to trade, no human being is allowed to live in poverty.

To repair this, every human beings needs allowance at about $100 per day,
indexed to inflation, the sum, whether used or not, is reset back to $100 at midnight.

The anomalies that stem from poverty, aside from terror and fright,
range from not being able to travel, to not being able to learn, or even read.

You must stop tolerating the notion that poverty happens,
it is inhumane, and will only keep people in a cycle of wars.

At the time of this writing, I am witnessing a tragic war,
that begun for no rational reason, and all wars are like this, utterly pointless.

And here you can see how our real culture, the culture of greatness,
and ending poverty, and thus boosting economy like never before.

Would instantly prevent war, multiple decades ahead of time,
voters raised in a culture of gr...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...on.

The entry into self education, becomes one of he most magnificent times of your life,
because its is a beautiful act of rebellion, and a magnificent step towards greatness.

And here I will quote Dixie the Triple Crown lady who hiked,
The Appalachian Trail, The Pacific Crest Trail, and The Continental Divide.

“The worst day on the trail, is still better, than the best day at the office.”

The start of your self education, is setting off on great adventures,
whatever combination makes you love life, through-hikes, section-hikes…

Cute adventures, exhausting adventures,
camping the backyard, or in a wilderness.

And the second half to this, is a very modern take,
on humanity’s greatest treasures, and in fact, your intellectual inheritance.

Becasue you can’t go anywhere,
without bringing your narrated books along.

Lectures, non-fiction, life-changing works, inspiration works,
everything between Homer, Whitman and Bukowski, and Socrates, Ayn Rand, and Hitchens and/or Dawkins.

---

And that is just the beginning of real education,
then you will need to launch a series of startups, you need to learn coding, and other stuff.

Computer programming, especially web, HTML, CSS, JavaScript,
nodejs, sql, network and web security, is a real subject, and can pull you out of poverty.

---

And that is your start, Culture of Greatness, Rejection of Poverty,
and painfully beautiful and breathtaking Self Education.

There will be times in your adventures,
where the word’s philosophers will your your heart in a way that will make you weep.

Real education,
will change everything.

---

And here is a word from Henry,
as he wrote in his own lovely adventure at the Walden Pond.

“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately,
to front only the essential facts of life,
and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not,
when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.

I did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear;
nor did I wish to practise resignation, unless it was quite necessary.

I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life,
to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life,
to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner,
and reduce it to its lowest terms..”
