Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

One People
Monday • November 16th 2020 • 7:43:38 pm

The first point of failure,

and our first hope for repairs.

Is focus on real education.

Schools are graduating students that they failed to educate,

these children grow into confused adults, lost and looking for belonging.

Why is this tolerated?

Let me ask you,

what would happen if we asked all the College Graduates to re-take all their tests from high school on?

Shouldn't people who graduated college easily show improvement to their GPA when re-taking all their tests?

Shouldn't those who graduated, but can't pass their test,

ask for a refund, or a lawsuit for having been tricked into an impression of education?

It is tolerance of these simple stupid problems,

that leads to made up lives of fantasy and eventual blindness towards evil.

If you can't pass all the college tests and get a higher GPA than that with which you graduated college,

then you do not have a college education.

If you can't pass all the high school tests and get a higher GPA than that with which you graduated high school with,

then you do not have a high school education.

If you can't pass all the middle school tests and get a higher GPA than the one you left middle school with,

then you do not have a middle school education.

Not only that, but the way these schools teach and the knowledge they drive into you,

may not be useful; you may not even have a useful education.

I think we can all agree here,

that we have a problem.

At the very least,

if your child has bad grades, don't make them feel bad, or unintelligent.

You should move them to a different type of school,

where teachers are interested in educated children rather than turning them into a paycheck.

The reason why it does not occur to parents that schools are not working,

is that they don't have experience with fake institutions, they take them for granted.

They are indoctrinated into a culture where school is good,

and being a worker is great, and it takes a particularly awful person not to achieve anything in life.

So what are those achievements?

How is all that retesting going?

The problem, as you can imagine, is much larger,

tolerance of fake education is just the beginning.

Above all,

Humanity must grow.

We are not allowed to tolerate Human Right Violations,

all human beings are cr...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ified of Human Resources, or or an uneducated "Boss".

There isn't anybody who will argue against free medical care,

or universal income, or national debt, let it pile up.

The greater the debt that nations of earth owe to the universe,

the higher our level of compassion, empathy and development.

Money is just a job tracking tool,

on the government level it exists as an abstract idea.

You don't have to worry about Government Debt,

it is a good kind of debt, and it has no collectors.

Do you see?

Fake Education,

is tearing this world apart.

Fake Education,

is halting its progress.

It is neutering our minds,

it is turning us into workers.

It makes us ask stupid questions,

and parade stupid ideals and fake political labels.

We can't have a world without real education,

the dark ages will swallow us through the various tax exempt churches and imaginary gods.

Irrelevant worthless opinions will have us fighting for nothing,

because they are all equally wrong, stupid, and useless.

My friends,

pay attention to fake education, and everything will work out in the end.

We will find out way to wisdom,

we will converge on World Peace in our Wisest and Noblest ideas.

All you have to do, is make it clear to everyone around you,

that you will not tolerate fake education, that you are not on that side of history.

Write, Rhyme, Paint, Tag,

find your way out of fake education and whatever else is pulling you away from wisdom.

Hold up you path, and show them the results,

so that others may choose follow.

Real Education is marked by wisdom,

and it shows real results and contributions.

And though your hard earned achievements may already be great today,

your work is not finished until it brings permanent or lasting contributions towards our eventual convergence on Peace and Wisdom,

Every Human Being on Earth matters,

they are our family.

If you accept this great endeavor, many who fell prey to fake education may hate you in their own sickness,

but their children and the children of their children will grow up in a world transformed, in no small part by you.

We are one people, we are all meant to be Truly Educated in Our Beautiful Minds,

and we are all meant to live in safety and in peace looking after one another.

We are one people.
