Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Is A Wonderful Time To Learn Programming And It Is Easier And More Fascinating Than You Think
Wednesday • January 7th 2026 • 9:11:44 pm

First your programming language should be JavaScript,
because it runs everywhere, and leaves optimizations to AI.

Install [node.js][1] on your computer,
and ask a public AI to help you create a hello world command line program.

That accepts an argument that changes Hello World,
to whatever you give it.

Ask it to show you some nice ways of parsing command line arguments,
such a list is a wonderful introduction to more serious things.

But don’t worry about programming yet,
In the age of AI, you don’t have to write code.

But you do need to know how to ask the AI,
so that your project does something meaningful for you.

Here most people would probably mention creating a WikiWiki,
but we should stay on the command line.

[Command-line is the first thing programmers trully loved][2],
they always complained about the punch cards, and moths.

---

And a really great project for the command line is a blog,
a diary of learning programming that you upload to the internet.

And here, you begin with creating a folder, called my blog,
and inside a folder called “post-000” programmers start at zero.

You will need an image, a screenshot will work,
and a text file named post.txt.

You will need two commands, to create permalinks,
www.example.com/permalink/post-000

And index pages, index.html loads automatically,
but you also need an older posts button on the bottom.

You should think of these as two separate commands,
permalink and pagerizer.

Now that you have folders, and are aware of two commands.
You can write a program and test request for the AI.

Normally, this would not be a big deal,
but there is something really important here.

Tell the AI what the permalink should do,
convert text to a web page, and copy your image.

And follow up with, a test request,
to that you can test if your commands have all the features.

Node.js comes with a built in test harness,
be sure to tell the AI to use that.

Now when you add a new feature,
you can test for it, before it is complete.

You can add link support to your text files,
and AI will write a test is the links are well formed.

It can also add more complex tests,
like checking is the pagerizer linked all your blog posts.

And in the future, as things get more complicated,
you can ask AI to create the feature tests firtst.

Markdown support, a files folder for every post,
and options file, that will hold timestamps, and maybe tag support.

Tests are a lot easier to create,
than complete features.

Tut they also give the AI a way to *AUTOMATICALLY* verify,
that they are correctly implementing features you need.

And in the future, if you enjoy working this way,
you can become more open about test.

And instead of saying this command does not exist,
or showing an error, take the WikiWiki approach, and say.

This command, is only 30% complete, missing 7 features,
and then create a system summary report system 75% complete.

This way or the more traditions, you can map out very large programs,
before they get their commands, or features.

You can do this on your phone, in a simple text file,
that you then ask the AI to convert into node js test harness.

And even though you test becomes code, and you are still new,
you stay in control.

And your curiosity alone,
will have you exploring all the code bits.

---

Now just in case you thought this was a little to simple,
let me introduce you to the very simple concept of MUD/S.

And before I mention anything, note that you should play,
with and against powerful artificial intelligence agents.

A mud is short for “Multi-user dungeon”,
but you should invent an Multi-agent dungeon.

And your Dungeon-master, the AI tasked with weaving an interesting story,
should be informed to take you to places you would have never expected.

Swiftly switching environment, like Indiana Jones movies,
environments should include star ships, and time travel and mysteries.

You can ask AI to create an HTML version,
that you can enjoy in your browser.

And there you can have images generated on the fly,
that capture your unique, one of a kind story line.

---

None of this requires programming on your end,
but it does ask that you install node, and enjoy hello world.

And then make super tiny blog,
so that you start baby steps first.

[1]: https://nodejs.org/en
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tc4ROCJYbm0
[3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-user_dungeon
