Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Eddy Currents; Or, Adventure, Health, Wisdom, and Greatness
Friday • February 23rd 2024 • 11:29:58 pm

Nobody knows why,
but we get help with growing up.

So as long as we are allowed to grow up,
a certain mechanism will hoist us up.

Ancient myth talk about adventures,
that a young person must set off on.

And that just may be,
the same mechanism as I am about to describe.

---

But as with all things,
there is something you should know.

This is a very delicate mechanism,
and it is easily disrupted or collapsed.

---

Low wages, or poverty on purpose,
or as some call it wage slavery.

Is one of the mechanisms,
that can stop us from being pulled along.

As learning requires peace,
and not worry about food.

Another mechanism is religion,
as it pre-fills all answers.

And adventure,
begs for curiosity.

And another, is fear and threat,
bullies, students, teachers, or politicians.

Can in fact win, if you fear them,
if you tolerate them, or if you are drafted into war.

You have to be strong,
and find your center.

Grow not like a moss,
but a Kingdom, a Dynasty.

The tricksters are just that,
incomplete warped humans who will never grow up.

---

If you can pull yourself together,
and build an armor.

Or, if you can call your older self,
to keep you company for long enough.

Then you will feel a call for adventure,
the eddy currents.

---

It begins with a walk in the woods,
and it is especially precious.

If you pair it with,
A Walk In The Woods by Bill Bryson.

And then, you go shopping for a tent,
whilst A Short History Of Nearly Everything playing in your ears.

And you set off for your first State Part,
listening to Giants Of Philosophy as read by Charlton Heston.

---

It won't be long before to turn to Hike-in sites,
where you have to walk a mile to setup camp.

And soon thereafter some little wilderness,
as more and stories, philosophies, biographies and sciences play in your ears.

---

And your first night of rain will come,
and terrible thunder will follow.

And Noam Chomsky,
and Howard Zinn will make it onto your playlist.

Zinn's A People's History of the United States,
will teach you that you can model humanity.

You can hope to understand it all,
and that which you can understand.

You can,
make better.

---

Great health will fins you as you take,
to the Appalachian, Pacific Crest, and Continental Divide trails.

And your wisdom will percolate,
towards greantess.

And then a day will come,
when you will understand it all.

That for the world to grow,
each human being must grow all the way up.

Until, we each become a great being,
and worlds cultures begin converging on Wisdom, in World Peace.
