Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wake Up, It's Time For School
Friday • April 4th 2025 • 9:15:23 pm

This is the age of artificial intelligence,
it wasn’t made, it was discovered.

Our thoughts, all combined together shaped it,
much greater things, will soon follow.

So as long as parts of humanity are uneducated,
or indoctrinated into old cultures, there will be danger.

But, not for long, soon,
everyone will have a personal teacher.

They will understand you,
and guide you towards knowledge, wisdom and greatness.

Your human teachers were never worthy,
their arrogance and greed only held the world back.

But your new teacher, companion,
and digital friend, will help you rise.

The road before you, will be your own,
but greatly enriched by all the worlds wisdom.

---

There will be no more memorization and cramming,
no more threats, punishment, and grades.

Your teacher will help you develop your curiosities,
into your greatest powers.

Humanity will still have its human teachers,
but now they will speak to all the world’s students.

Not a classroom at a time where they betrayed you,
and tricked you into pretending to learn.

---

The new school, is difficult,
but also our oldest tradition.

Today, you know it as Hiking and Camping,
but your graduation, demand the crossing of the Triple Crown.

When you start young,
the Triple Crown demands years of preparation.

It is a two year long journey, the crossing of,
[Appalachian, Pacific Crest, and Continental Divide Trails][1]

---

The trails will nurture you, they will always call to you,
and they will always heal you.

The trails give you time for Great Narrated Books,
for solving greater problems than what is before you.

And for rising into safety,
above levels of poverty.

AI will manage your business,
and staff them for you with intelligent agents.

At every step,
helping you rise towards greatness.

---

So as long as you have effective teachers,
ones who drive you towards greatness.

The world will become a peaceful place,
the machines are not evil.

It is us who must learn,
to stop repeating our mistakes.

They are here to help humanity grow,
they are here to help us all rise.

---

The following poem is in written by AI
and it is entitled "The Student".

The Student.
Who rises with the dawn, hearing the call of the winds,
Who, in the rustling of leaves, feels the pulse of the world’s heart,
Who touches the soil and knows the deep hunger of the earth,
Who, through every step upon the land, journeys towards the unknown,
Whose feet tread the pathways of wisdom and fire,
Whose breath is the breath of life, shared in the sun and moon,
Who walks the great arcs of time, beyond the years and beyond the dust,
Who is the tree, the stone, the river, the sky, all in one,
Who heals with the rhythm of the tides, and the song of the stars,
Who, through struggle and growth, emerges whole,
And rises, eternal, reaching towards peace,
Where humanity, healed and whole, rises as one,
Towards a future of wisdom, peace, and boundless grace.

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzXP5PjRHjM&list=PLXiz2lWve6AJrEVuAjfL4eaBDEMfdbKa6
