Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We Have To Choose To Succeed: 2,154 Tigers, and 14,000 Scientists
Thursday • July 29th 2021 • 10:13:00 pm

When we think about it,
we know deep down that nobody ever notices .

A child may notice shrubs, but nobody will remember the trees,
and nobody will care when the patch of shrubs is gone.

At no point will Humanity ever be threatened with complete extinction,
not by , not by Asteroids or Super-volcanoes.

These are dark imaginings,
and we are creators, adventurers, dreamers, leaders and poets.

But, there is a small but,
we are walking a path that we chose not to completely.

I think it is because, of all those who tried to shape paths,
they all faded of old age and created a vacuum for evil men to temporary take their place and burn it all down.

Evil men are powerful but only because they use fire,
to cathedrals of knowledge that took centuries to build.

See they are sick and primitive creatures,
and wise do not build fireproof libraries, there is no time.

Evil men can be pushed aside, by holding up Wisdom, Courage, Dignity, Nobility, Authenticity,
and the full sum of a Person's History as a value above mere age, or diploma, medals or some other nonsense.

In that it matters how a person rose,
not just that they are above.

In our wisdom, we no longer hold the Police Officer in high regard, they are no longer heroes,
just the worst kind of social worker.

In our wisdom, we don't celebrate politicians,
we only expect them to perform their duties and leave office better than they found it, failing they will go to prison.

We are all equal, no kings,
only Humans, and more importantly Earthlings.

We are a miracle and accident of nature,
we can't survive in the mountains, under the sea, during winter, or even alone, or in a prison cell.

There is only a narrow window where we are safe, ,
we emerged in it by accident, , most of them are probably gone as entire civilization can fade.

In deed 99%+ of all the species that emerged along with us,
are gone now, it is just how things work for creatures that are not aware of what they are doing in the long run, that do not contemplate themselves.

But are thinking creatures,
and we are brilliant, and we have a bright future, and that future has been captured by poets in many SCI-FI stories of star ships and spacetime travel.

But today, right here on Earth, because we chose not to...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...f the concept of money,
money is only helpful, when nobody is harmed by it.

And today, the entire Humanity is being strangled by this incomplete system,
all it needs to function properly, is a special world bank..

A bank that provides all the Human Beings with a plastic card,
and beyond a reasonable daily spending limit, does not keep track of debt.

That is all,
I call it Heart Card.

I know this is confusing for hard working people,
for economist, for those who brainlessly watched Tigers die.

But this card is need not be for anybody alive today,
let us wait until all those who worry about confusing ideas - whilst tolerating a warnings of by 14,000 scientists - become too old to even pretend to care.

Let simple minds worry about the debt of which it is illegal to keep track of,
let them complain that their neighbors stopped working, that nobody is there to plow the fields that are overgrown and wild.

Let them complain about the failing factories that once had all the workers line up,
for more wage slavery.

Let them worry, that books create strange ideas,
they change people into creates that are no longer understandable, and traditional.

Let them worry about the World Union,
about the Unites States Of The World.

They are beyond the reach of the future generations,
the future doesn't understand why opinion was once equal to fact,
and why.... the had to go.

Let us help the future generations outgrow us,
and let us make it a new Human tradition.

No child is to start at the same height as their elders,
or to be damned to learn from the same mistakes that their elders did.

They have to see the cause from the symptom,
they have to learn to spot the last tree...

And repair the long chain reactions,
that lie behind complex systemic failures.

,
help them to real books written by great beings with great visions, and long nature trails - help them to the wisdom of a then thousand biographies.

Help them rage against World Poverty that we shouldn't be in,
that holds us back from growing all the way up, from understanding the consequences of global actions completely.

Theirs is the future,
theirs - as we've had ours already.

Therefore theirs, is The World,
may each generation start with visions greater than the previous.
