Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transcendence; Or, Philosophy In Not Optional, And Neither Is Greatness
Tuesday • May 6th 2025 • 8:11:18 pm

There is an entire layer of industries,
taking advantage of people still growing up.

Look no further than your High School teacher,
who tricked you into Cramming while saying memorization is bad.

An you no doubt know that old saying,
“A sucker is born every minute.”

That just means, it is easy to take advantage of a person,
who is not yet fully educated.

The worst crimes of all,
use psychological manipulation.

People who were forced to work on plantations,
were unaware cities existed.

And people in religions families,
are just taught the wrong things.

At home for easy control,
and at some churches to make a sale.

One popular church in America,
will sell you on becoming an Angel, or a God is you are nice.

Some churches,
charge mandatory membership fees, like a gym.

It seems normal,
for people who don’t know any better.

Who think being religious,
is normal.

Even atheists, are kind of in trouble,
a normal person does not need a label.

---

How do you fix it,
you first have to undo the fix.

You will need to switch your lifestyle,
away from stress, poverty, and overwork.

You see how,
impossible that seems.

And the first three to thirty days of your freedom,
are going to filled with incredible doubt.

But, your mind is unable to comprehend books,
when you are overworked, scared and stressed out.

Even narrated books, are quit impossible,
you stressed boss who maybe listening to them all the time…

Is probably just listening to junk books,
action thrillers, that he only half remembers.

You need to start with books,
about the history of human thought.

About people using their minds,
to transcend what they thought their limits were.

Every time you think to yourself “I just can’t”
that is actually incorrect, that is just stress.

You are just as smart as the smartest human beings,
and you can understand hard core philosophy from Kant to Zizek.

In fact you can understand Zizek, Bukowski, Pirsig,
or even [Alexander The Supertramp][A]…

Much, much better,
then they understood themselves.

They are just broadcasting,
out in nature, you are doing the philosophical comprehension.

---

You have to understand, that what you think is your limit,
is just your stress, your environment, your box.

If you give yourself thre...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...nywhere,
if your thoughts are just about an inch long.

This is the fight or flight length,
just about what a scared shitles ape can pack in panic.

---

Prepare your body and mind, for days of doubt,
as you transition from worker bee to Philosopher.

The philosophers also have saying,
a force of nature is born every minute, and it drags along everyone else.

Bring family and friends on your adventures,
a Philosopher is both a Student and a Teacher, so you will have new responsolilites soon.

---

After a few weeks as you recover,
your mind will naturally desire stories.

And that is your narrated books, about Adventure and Philosophy,
which honestly is the same beautiful thing.

A proper adventure book,
just describes a Philosopher out on the edge, where they do their learning.

---

The thousands of books that are loved by great beings,
will help you find your path towards greatness.

You won’t know what the future will feel like,
that is the nature of transcendence, it is an upgrade.

But just from adventure,
you will know the gravity of it.

You will know that it is your duty, responsibility, mental health,
and that all the good things in you, and your future self need it.

Greatness is your oxygen,
it is your power to live, to grow.

Get up, and go buy a Backpack and a Tent,
set it by the door as a reminder that Greatness awaits.

And open your eyes, begin observing,
what your current environment is doing to you.

Start asking,
is this helping me, or is this hurting me.

It is not a question of it being too hard,
when your depression, stress, fight an flight lifts.

You will cry, about what you have done to your self through overwork,
how easily you were tricked into it.

And how powerfully and courageously,
you fought.

Even though, overwork, stress, crappy boss, apartment,
and mountain and mountains of junk you didn’t needs.

Were not even close to what you wanted,
[what your body and mind needs for health, fitness, sanity, life and clarity][0].

Please remember,
[you are meant to grow all the way up and become a great being][1].

[A]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwx3RvDWvDM
[0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzXP5PjRHjM&list=PLXiz2lWve6AJrEVuAjfL4eaBDEMfdbKa6
