Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When AI Takes Your Job, You Take AI And Become Your Own Boss
Thursday • November 13th 2025 • 8:22:39 pm

The future has arrived, and you are not ready, no one ever is,
but, get ready; learn programming.

Do not attempt to outsmart superintelligence, do not gamble with your future,
do not spread lies about AI bubbles - you will always lose.

Honor your older self by granting them,
peace, opportunity, knowledge, wisdom, and greatness.

If you are young, you should create a school,
as your first major business.

If you have a career, sank cost, or excellence,
you must immediately begin learning programming, as it is a multiplier.

Start with a beautiful language like JavaScript,
a scripting language can automate programs, like the browser.

And it does not weigh you down with data types,
or memory management that led the industry into insecure software.

But as with jobs, the AI will change the programming landscape,
it will safely re-interpret a scripting language into optimized instructions.

---

While young people should aim to build schools,
as they are in them, and can see the problems better than anyone.

Skilled professionals must create a series of small companies,
or side projects until some of them become self sustainable as a full time job.

There is no perfect formula for creating a successful business,
because it it not just about what it does, but where and most importantly when.

Creating a series of small AI backed businesses is a fine attempt,
at evening the odds of success.

Children must follow the same pattern, creating small AI backed companies,
rather than facing hundred of thousands in unforgivable student loan debt.

---

Please take time to understand what an AI ran company is,
it is a digital organism, thinking, reacting, strategizing, adaptive.

Understand that children need very little now to become programmers,
asking AI to write lightweight JavaScript will teach them along the way.

---

We don’t know what is coming, but we can make some predictions,
the world will not get dumber, though there maybe a major war.

The prediction, from a couple of decades ago,
that a child who will not die from age related diseases has already been born.

Appears to be correct,
and certainly, medicine will not stop making progress especially under AI.

---

More than at any other time in history of Human Kind,
human beings will become precious and their minds will matter.

That means there will still be an expanding market for wisdom and adventure,
and as always an ever shrinking dark age of uneducation and religion.

Your journals, your lesson plans and paths, your adventures,
all that which is all too human will become priceless.

May we all finally remember that we are one family, on a small planet,
and that we can only find our meaning in growing all the way up.

Until each of us,
stands as a great being.
