Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your Teachers Manipulated You Into Cramming, Called You Hormones, And Still Think It's Funny
Monday • May 29th 2023 • 11:07:39 pm

In as far as they think about it they say,
the geniuses will help themselves, and the dunces are beyond all help.

Cornered they will only mutter, that life is not fair,
and how were they supposed to know anything anyway.

---

There is no time to describe how bad things are,
but there is plenty of time….

For you to accept the magnificent responsibility,
for your own self education.

You won’t believe this,
but it actually the easiest and the most pleasant thing you will ever do.

And your job will be building a series of startups,
until some of them work out.

---

Programming is a way of communicating,
advancing, growing.

It is not a talent or hobby for the few,
it is a reliable way to set ourselves free form the worst of poverty.

Everything else needs warehousing, upfront investment,
and building online businesses just asks for you to program something.

Your program, basically represents a company,
just build whatever you are paying for on the internet today.

You can run it yourself,
or just license the software to others who want to run it themselves.

---

It is just JavaScript, Node.js, Svelte and SvelteKit,
and keeping eye on the community, what languages they use.

What side projects they run,
and you learn, for real.

Software is the hub for everything,
from projecting AI generated Art on a canvas to paint them.

To programming micro-controllers,
that make your electronics come to life.

---

Don’t let schools trick you into thinking you can’t,
they are not real educational institutions.

Real education is always peasant and self directed,
it is always at the right pace and at the right sequence.

It always makes you more powerful,
sharper, stronger, more creative.
