Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The World Must Grow
Thursday • September 29th 2022 • 6:04:21 pm

You see how easy it is to yank a continent, a hundred years back in time.

We tolerated a compromise between good an evil, in which only evil could profit.

Whatever your age, young or old, as a human being alone, you must protect education.

Education everywhere, it is your business, because we are one family.

Cultural divisions exist only because of, varying levels of education.

Once we get a taste of real knowledge, nothing will be able to pull us away form wisdom.

And wisdom is about borrowing solutions by a subtle analogy from, from what a person is knowledgeable about.

Like wisdom, these solutions, aim to help humanity.

Public schools are a solution, to poverty, inequality, war and dark ages.

But, schools have been standardized, they have been rendered ineffective.

They do not teach, but betray students, for paychecks.

They were imagined by subtle analogies, to lives of great beings.

They were meant to tutor the new generations, but we still believe in divisions, borders, even poverty.

That is how you can tell that schools, really are ineffective.

They don't help humanity, progress.

With knowledge and wisdom, beloved books and favorite subjects.

A new thing emerges, we rise in class, and culture.

In that world, there cannot be a war.

In that world, no one will ask "Do you have a problem?".

In higher class and in higher culture, we are more connected, we are family.

Independent thinkers and creators, where no one is left behind.

And here we find meaning, strangely, there isn't much dispute about it.

Because when we travel upwards, we understand meaning, too, becomes higher.

Meaning of life, is knowledge, wisdom, class and culture, and compassion.

It is found in education that we all aim to make more accessible and effective. and the resulting world peace that we all work to protect.

The higher we authentically travel the greater the urge, to make wisdom more accessible, so that others may follow.

The world will never grow because of leaders, false or otherwise.

The world can only grow, when schools are real, when we rise, and we each aim to grow all the way up to become great beings.