Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rules and Shenanigans Of Little Adventures
Sunday • November 17th 2024 • 11:36:28 pm

I only have three rules of adventure,
but they come from my soul.

First and foremost,
eat all the sandwiches.

My Grandma from the city used roasted chicken fat,
for butter and flavoring, each a work of art, better off in my warm belly.

And my Grandma from the country,
and you are not going to believe this…

Made her own loafs of bread in a custom built brick oven,
and as night follows the day, made sausage and macaroni too.

She baked the most magnificent Pierogi,
I think they had cheese in them.

Plus, not a pierog was ever eaten,
without sour cream, which was nice and thickkk.

I had to eat it all out of respect you see,
I had to protect the snacks.

---

My rule number two, is to visit all the Antiques Stores,
and in America there is a lot of them.

I’ve been to like three pawnshops, five bookstores,
and maybe even ten old antique stores.

I still visit old junk stores with used stuff,
but they got pretty expensive.

Though you can still find nice things for five dollars,
I bought a box of light bulbs, with one missing.

I am pretty sure, that is when the original buyer got electrocutes,
and all his junk went on sale.

---

Which brings us to last week, and my third rule of adventure:
GO NATIVE!

It does not matter,
if you set off for a grand adventure in the Rocky Mointains.

Or are just about to set off to find the crispy Squirrel,
that got zapped outside of your house and blew the transformer.

Because frankly, that poor thing is the only warm meal you are going to have,
if you don’t have electricity in America.

---

No matter what you got, or do,
wherever you go, you adopt the rules of that nature.

---

When I started visiting Michigan’s Ludington,
and Nord House Dunes.

I put on severl fanny packs,
like a proper toomb raider.

And when I coudn’t find any arrow heads on the Arrow Head trail,
I went to the local supermarket and bought a bunch of decorative seachells.

And to this day I smile,
thinking about how many people…

Discovered a beautiful shell here or a fancy shell there,
and thought that Posidon himself smiled upon them.

And it was just me,
scattering them around.

Except for one guy, who luckily found several in a row,
and what started as joy turned to anger as I ducked behind a dune to hide.

---

I still remember the first time I got a hot flash during one of my adventures,
I think I had my Rambo knife in hand.

If it wasn’t for the bottle opener,
it would make me look fierce.

Because I was deep in the woods,
more than quarter of a mile, which is a lot for a little boy with short legs.

And I head movement, big movement,
like the crater that I was in was coming alive.

As I readied to jump onto the beast and cut it,
and the leaves made a booming nose and I discovered a herd of deer.

Not like American deer, which seem small,
but big ones like in Robin Hood movies, Mystical Deer.

For a moment, in my confusion, I was part of the herd,
following the dear, and like the rest of my new found family, not sure why.

And I guess, the spirit of adventure,
which later resulted in the cll of the will, found me there.

---

I was always too wise, and it was always for my own good,
I sat atop a great ancient dune, pondering Canada, and Alex the Supertramp.

And it is quite the call when it happens to you,
Nature is so kind and loving, so perfect and honest.

I packed up and went back, I didn’t consider staying,
but I noticed the call, my beautiful call of the wild.

---

Though as you can no doubt tell,
it is the wild me that returned, the city slicker wore off.

And right in the beginning,
I just learned to drive, and ended up on Veteran’s Beach in Florida’s Keys.

Oh, the ocean at night merges with the starry skies,
and the green little fishes melt with the starts.

I stood there at the edge of the universe,
wondering how soon before I had to get back there.

But it turns out,
you never leave.

It is one thing to be a citizen of the world,
but it is whole different story when you become a creature of the stars.

“You are meant to to grow all they way up,
until you become a great being”
