Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Beginning Generative AI: Two Tiny Tips For Graphics And Text Generation
Sunday • October 22nd 2023 • 10:57:35 pm

First tip deals with graphics generation,
and is about adding the maximum complexity into your creation.

Whatever you want to create, be it from a fresh prompt,
or by building on top of an existing prompt, which I recommend doing.

Do not make it perfect, symmetrical, smooth and beautiful,
make it ugly, really ugly.

And a really good way to think about this,
is imagining how much work an artist would need to do to recreate your work.

You want wrinkles, you glitches, you want age,
and better yet, you don’t want to start with a perfectly beautiful subject.

Start with one of those naked cats, or a blob fish,
not nasty, but fascinating, uncommon, brutal but elegant.

Another good way of thinking about this,
is walking into a gallery on a sunny vacation.

Would you want to see pretty faces that are all over magazines,
or faces so full of character…

And I personally feel that this is great for Anthropomorphic Animals,
Bored Ancient Goats, Powerful Yakuza Shrimp, Ancient Ape Philosophers.

---

My second tip is for smarter text generation,
and I’ve learned it from the GPT4 programming demo.

But, it works with Poetry in the free GPT 3.5 program as well,
and probably others too.

Don’t just ask the machine to create a poem for you,
ask it to make a list of steps, and then convert it to a poem.

So you want to say, make a list of 5 steps to become wise,
add three sections to each step, and then convert it to a rhyming poem.

You can feel a strong structure in the poem,
a progression, it becomes an intelligent poem.

By giving it that structure first,
the poem actually becomes well thought out.

Now a couple of examples, I'll give you the prompt I used,
but skip over the intermediate list the AI makes and get straight to the poem.

---

List 5 steps towards wisdom. Then list 3 major points for each of the steps.
Rewrite the list as a short, content rich, cheerful, inspirational poem that rhymes.
Do not mention the steps just make them flow together.

On the path to wisdom, let's brightly shine,
A journey through life, one that's so divine.

With self-reflection, we'll deeply know,
Our strengths and our weaknesses, let the wisdom flow.

In the quest for learning, we'll seek and explore,
Through knowledge and experience, our ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...rld we'll repair.

With humility and adaptability, we'll embrace the change,
Seek feedback, show gratitude, life rearranged.

So let's walk this path, hand in hand,
In the pursuit of wisdom, together we'll stand.

---

List 5 steps towards world peace. Then list 3 major points for each of the steps.
Rewrite the list as a short, content rich, cheerful, inspirational poem that rhymes.
Do not mention the steps just make them flow together.

In a world of turmoil and strife, we strive for peace in our life,
Through dialogue and compromise, we'll mend the rifts, remove the knives.

Economic growth, a hand to lend, we'll lift the poor and be a friend,
With equal shares, compassion's trend, together, we'll reach the end.

Human rights, a shining light, we'll stand for justice, do what's right,
For all are equal, day and night, let love and tolerance ignite.

Our Earth, a gift, a precious jewel, let's safeguard it, each girl and boy,
With clean, green dreams, we'll never be cruel, preserve our planet, bring it joy.

From weapons, let's turn and face the sun, with unity, we'll overcome,
A peaceful world, for everyone, together, we'll become as one.

---

List 5 steps towards growing all the way up and becoming a great being.
Rewrite the list as a short, content rich, cheerful, inspirational poem that rhymes.
Do not mention the steps just make them flow together.

On life's grand canvas, we paint our own scene,
A path to greatness, a joyful routine.
In self-discovery, we find what's true,
Embracing the strengths, and our limits too.

We set our goals, in personal delight,
With a thirst for learning, we shine so bright.
Mentors guide us, wisdom's sweet embrace,
In this journey of growth, we find our place.

With kindness and love, we light the way,
Listening and caring, day by day.
Compassion's embrace, in each action and word,
Connects us to hearts, like a melodious bird.

In times of change, we stand strong and bold,
Resilience and balance, our treasures unfold.
Adapting with grace, we weather the storm,
With a heart full of hope, we transform.

Our legacy's the story, that we're meant to tell,
Purpose and integrity, within us dwell.
Responsibility and inspiration, we share our creed,
Becoming great beings, fulfilling our need.
