Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Where The Giants Leave Off
Sunday • June 25th 2023 • 11:07:02 pm

Ineffective education,
really is scary.

But, there is an intellectual inheritance,
in the shape of narrated books written by great beings – that is owed to you.

They are the ones who started at this point as well,
but they didn't stay down.

---

There are plenty of paths,
and ladders all around.

The Library, The Appalachian Trail,
are the first two that come to mind.

Learning programming with JavaScript is a good one,
but even something as silly as becoming a Body Builder goes a long way.

To push away this feeling of having nowhere to go,
of there being no paths at all.

You have to begin rising,
or growing up as we call it.

You have to feel achievement,
so that you understand that the path is, basically you.

You are not supposed to look around,
but achieve your way upwards.


---

At first, the way to deal with the threat of liars,
hunger, homelessness, and failure.

Is becoming mighty enough to face it all,
with courage and in dignity.

Start by rejecting the idea,
that your GPA defines you.

Reject your teachers opinion of you,
and go find some neat narrated books.

---

Within your being lies a blinding,
constellation of curiosities.

You have a natural curiosity cycle,
where you will hop between your stars.

Whatever is calling to you at the moment,
find five to fifteen narrated books about it.

---

And if you are just too overwhelmed,
try cheerful narrated adventure books.

They will help you slow down,
and consider packing a backpack.

Happy books, like a Walk In The Woods,
or I am a Stranger Here Myself – are wonderful.

They show you the world as it really is,
a cheerful place; rarely brutal or full of zasadzkas (boobie traps)

---

We need happy books, we can’t go through life,
with just an impression of education, or it will seem all too short.

It is up to us to learn,
it is called self education.

And I think one if its pillars,
is taking a long time to re-listen a book.

A book that helps you relax,
that helps you sleep.

That is written by a kindred spirit,
that somehow resonates with you.

---

What real education is really about is
is an integrated or coherent view of the world.

About everything making sense,
even if it needs repair.

---

Books help you develop a new sense,
purely out of moving your heart.

You just develop a talent,
for knowing when something is off.

It can be a new book, a person, a job,
a path in life.

It is hard to describe it,
but, this is known as wisdom.

---

Wisdom comes out of your mind intertwining,
what you inherited…

From the lives of great beings,
that you found in your favorite books.

You create plenty,
of your own.

But your intellectual inheritance,
makes it so that you don’t start at zero.

That you don’t walk a path,
that has been traveled before.

That you in fact begin,
where the great beings left off.
