Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Skunk Works: How To Become An Inventor
Monday • April 26th 2021 • 5:47:52 pm

"Lady doth protest too much, for rather, is easier to be an inventor,

than not to be one."

- William F. Shakespeare.

The world is your oyster,

the components with which you invent things are all around you.

You do not want to invent complicated things,

but rather improve the things that people are used to.

To give a few examples,

of amazing findings.

Samsung's Exploding Batteries,

was quite an eye opener.

It taught me, that hardware is second,

it is a bad idea to manufacture your own hardware.

It is best to encourage many companies to develop the hardware,

and than just make sure that your operating system of choice runs on it.

And the operating system of choice today is ,

which is based on and comes with multiple UI styles.

The RaspberryPI, it is the modern Commodore 64,

it is the development machine, and it hasn't got a single flaw.

Single board computers of today,

will change the future.

Plus,

they will power the thing I am about to mention next.

Alexa, Siri, Cortana, and Google Assistant, are a step in the right direction,

but a very small step, unfortunately.

But the way these technologies made it into our homes,

is an amazing idea.

And before I go further, let me just emphasize,

that you are a programmer without a language.

We have Zapier and IFTTT, to some degree Automator,

but like the Assistants Above this is a tiny step.

The average person,

deserves a programming language.

And now, imagine what I would call an Agent Network,

an anthropomorphized internet of things, where hardware devices are dressed up as assistants.

And hang out in a chat-room together,

the use of bots in chartooms is nothing new, and that is good, you want to invent as little as possible.

The bots can talk to each other in the chat room,

Siri, can get Alexa to reorder things, and Cortana can get the Roomba going.

But that is the least of it,

all we did in this example, was to reduce the bloated technologies.

Here we are replacing IFTTT,

with some bots that issue commands and some bots that execute them.

The real fun comes in when you replace your ,

and give it a human name to turn it into another assistant that Siri, for example can talk to.

This gets us to a point, where there exist a chat-room with multiple robo...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...el,

the security bot that keeps track of presence of humans in the house.

What we are doing here,

is bringing every program under the same interface, the interface of Chat and Text.

You can still play computer games,

and browse the internet with the latest browser.

But there is also an IRC server,

where the robots in your house talk to each other.

And EventEmitter flavored WikiWikiWeb,

designed to outlast the house, designed long term operations.

There is never a problem with remembering what robots are in the house,

as they all hang out in the lobby of the chat system.

And it is not always necessary to program a thing,

sometimes just logging in and typing in "@Amber Turn the heat up to 73" will suffice.

In conclusion, to think like an inventor,

look around you, the things that surround you, are the things that you manipulate to create something new.

Never complicate things,

simplify them, you can't improve something by making it more complex.

Don't be evil, don't be small minded,

life is too short for shallow thinking.

Your inventions, or independent-inventions,

as little as caps that you put on laces in sweat pants so that you can pull the lace out should one be pulled in by the washer.

Or as big as big as the invention of a human readable programming language,

belong in your thick portfolio.

Just imagine, shiny heavy covers with an intricate high resolution generative art graphic on the front,

and your smiling face on the back... and maybe on the front too, why the heck not.

Don't think of it as your portfolio,

but as a book of your inventions that also doubles as the portfolio.

You don't have to give TED talks,

and these days you don't even need a publisher, just Printing On Demand.

And remember to think of the leading companies as your private research laboratories,

pay attention to what they are doing where they are failing, and especially their shortcomings.

The business world is a dog scratch dog world,

when you become world's most famous inventor, all of those companies will own and and study a copy of your portfolio.

Oh, and one more thing,

always put a "Don't be evil" clause in your legal paperwork.

Once the lawyers start calling you if that part can be removed...

just say, no, and hang up.
