Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What Is Freedom Of Will
Tuesday • August 22nd 2023 • 10:34:56 pm

This is a common question in the field of ineffective philosophy,
also known as academic philosophy, church of knowledge, and sophistry.

If you have arrived here from a school that uses grades to control you,
under the threat of ridicule, punishment, being held back and ruining your life.

Know that you are a victim of indoctrination, and you will need,
something that some therapists call reprogramming.

---

A real school, will never cut up knowledge into subjects,
or threaten, or punish you, or rob you of you savings, and force you into loans.

In a real school, when you are studying biology,
you become enabled with new capabilities.

For example, for months, of for the rest of your long life,
you end up loving and keeping water-bears as pets.

You have videos of interesting happenings in the microbial world,
and later go on to learn programming to encode strings of text in DNA and such.

In a fake biology class, your teacher will force you to memeorize,
that mitochondria is the powerhouse of he cell.

And it will take you couple of decades to realize,
that the curriculum was incomprehensible on purpose.

It was crappily designed to force you to memorize for tests,
because as tests, accreditation, funding and politicians are concerned.

Temporary memorization, is just as good as effective education,
when it comes to selling you out, the world, and everything else.

Later on in your life the words “mitochondria is the powerhouse of he cell”,
will be all that remains of your biology class.

And it will greatly sadden and embarrass you,
how you were betrayed, manipulated, and used.

---

If you are very unlucky, your Biology teacher will be pretty cool,
talk about Dolly the cloned sheep, how dissection of frogs is wrong…

And finally,
how weed is just an herb.

Here is a good example of a freedom of choice point,
because in that moment, you have to get up, with any delay.

See you counselor,
explain the situation, hear the low effort...

And then you walk out, stare the security right in their creepy face,
[to say the least][1], and go on about your life, without being stained by everybody else’s shit.

---

This is applied freedom of will, an event occurs, that can derail the rest of your life,
and you just leave, with little doubt.

The kid...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...y threatened by addiction, guns or warlords you life will move another way.

What you have to do, is find yourself, so that,
you are you, on either of those ends of spectrum.

You have to push away what you have been born into,
take your intellectual inheritance…

And make such choices in life,
that the elder you, will not only, not-regret, but be happy, and proud to have made them.

---

Learning for real is basically your operating system,
as you unchain your self, to whatever you were born into, good or bad.

This is a question, about answering to your only master,
your elder self, including your elder self, on the last day of your life.

---

The operating system upgrade, or what you will inherit,
from the books that end up constitution your intellectual inheritance.

Will give you some simple ideas,
that I will help yo to now, so that you start a step ahead.

You are charged with growing all the way up, never just just part way up,
and to grow all the way up and become an adult, means to become a great being.

The same kind of person, that yo as a child,
hoped that all the adults were.

And we have a duty to Humanity, to repair schools,
as we are just one enormous family.

We should not live split by levels of understanding and education,
and fractured by mutually incompatible, and equally made up indoctrination.

We certainly should not live in a state where children can be drafted and killed in wars,
ran by ghouls, who never cared to prevent them, or even knew what war is like.

And we must put an immediate end to living in states,
of mutually assured destruction, poverty, pollution, despeciation and anthropogenic climate change.

---

It is impossible to give yo more guidance than this,
because you are infintely different from every other human being that exists, existed, and will exist.

As proof, consider the unique trail of wisdom that will call to you,
as you begin listening to the 10,000 books of your intellectual inheritance.

Stop memorizing for tests all of you, and never forget to remind your teachers,
that in a compromise between good and evil, only evil can profit.

[1]: http://archive.cantonpl.org/observer/2000/02_Feb%202000/02-06-2000.pdf
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9n1F1JupY8&pp=ygUQQVQsIFBDVCwgYW5kIENEVA%3D%3D
