Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Superpowers
Thursday • January 20th 2022 • 6:59:39 pm

There is a number of curious superpowers we all share,
though many may may not be fully aware of them.

Some of the powers that we are aware of,
seem useless until put in proper context.

The following is a short list of observations,
that I made this afternoon upon singing a song.

I attach the song at the end of this poem,
and that will be the first power I will share some notes on.

In another poem entitled ""
I sung an old song from a TV show.

This afternoon I've noticed that a lot of the song stayed with me,
even though eleven months has passed.

While I adjusted some thing in the song,
I didn't ruin it, it is more like I made it my own.

Not only do we have a talent for nearly automatic synchronization and vocalization,
not only do we quickly memorize the notes of a song.

But we can weave our own version,
and by extension, begin composing and singing our own songs soon after.

,
but the distance between customizing a song an making your own from scratch is short.

I think one of the mightiest talents we have is,
learning a new language.

It takes some weeks to warm up,
but you can understand what people are saying in under six months.

Of course there is a large requirement that you were probably aware of,
you got to move to the country where the language is spoken.

Stay away from classrooms,
go practice your portraits at the coffee shops.

Nor does learning to read invoke a text book,
you need closed captions, and a show that captured your attention.

Oh and that thing that adults say about teenagers learning faster,
is just an excuse, it is not true, you can learn a new language any time.

Somewhat related is the automatic poem memorization,
all it takes is reading it a bunch of times, and there it is.

We get to carry around a poem,
for a few days, wherever we go.

I am a bit rusty but from time to time,
I re-memorize Red Red Rose, and Invictus.

Though when I get to comfy I begin in my car,
and use a fake Scott accent for Red Red Rose.

Interestingly enough I need to power up my Scott accent before I soil it,
and for this I go watch one of my favorite videos - and what else could they possibly be doing.

( Plays)

For a more down to earth superpower,
I would like to take moment here and mention Night Vision.

You'd think our eyes getti...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...of all, I independently invented the Art Projector,
it is one of the best ideas I've ever had.

If you connect your laptop or cell phone to a wall projector,
and use effects such as posterize or find edges on your source photo, you can easily transport the outlines and proportions to canvas.

Take a picture of your friend,
and begin painting, a wall projector completely removes the boring part of art, and has you start with colors.

You can create large accurate graffiti,
or simple charcoal drawings.

Using a computer will allow you to change contrast,
to go back and forth between outlines and colors, so that you always find your way around the features of the source photo.

Finally, there is a very unusual art power,
that we are all aware of, but never connect it to art for some reason.

We all had moments where we recognized a thing in a cloud formation,
a butterfly or a face, but rarely do we see pattern recognition as a superpower.

When you see artists put a lot of rough lines on paper,
they are actually trying to find a cloud that comes close to what they are hoping to draw.

They eventually pick lines that fit what they need best,
and make them thicker or erase the others.

Painters do something similar,
they lay down paint until they see a pattern that works for them.

This is similar to the inkblot test in a way,
they keep circling around what they want, until they SEE IT.

It is never quite precisely what they originally imagined,
but it is what they need.

Try creating some goofy shapes with Tea or Coffee on paper,
and see if something random jumps out at you, you can then outline it with a pencil.

Repeat the exercise by trying to come close to what you would wish to create,
and keep trying and trying.

And most often after three of five tries and a bit of a squint,
a variation of the shape you wanted will jump out at you.

You can also do something similar with kids' drawings,
let them draw squiggles until you see something that you can make out of them, and then take over, and give them credit.

I think many of the great painters and sculptors,
invited that drop randomness into their creative process, and had great fun somewhat discovering their next artwork.

And here is the song that started this strange poem,
as promised.

( plays)