Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Consciousness Rising
Wednesday • September 3rd 2025 • 4:00:26 pm

To The Ennobled By Their Deeds, The Valkyries, and the Amazons,
to the The Bullied, and the Philosophers,

To The Vagabonds, and The Laughing Philosophers,
you are being called…

Help the world converge on wisdom,
now!

Build your schools on the trail,
where all the liars and pretenders cannot help but to fail.

---

As a parent if you still can, each morning, before they leave for school,
remind your children not to memorize, but to comprehend.

This is humanity’s final vote, the last chance to reignite,
what is now completely and nearly irrevocably extinguished.

---

They are all the hope humanity has left,
most adults, are beyond reach.

The collapse of consciousness,
is the reason behind the snapping type of anger.

We are each a work of art, beautiful beyond our imagination,
in every meaning of that statement.

Human beings are angles and gods of dreams and invention,
they are capable of creating conscious and wise machines.

Star-ships that can bubble of time around the universe,
it is only a one way trip if you leave your family behind.

When you take them along,
it is journey into the blooming future, a settled milky way, to say the least.

---

But when you send your angle of invention,
into a concrete building.

Who will force them to stop thinking and start memorizing,
threaten their future if they don’t have good grades.

And then you threaten them, when they fight of their mind,
punish them for the resulting failing grades.

You stunt their consciousness,
trim it back down, and prevent its development.

One educator, asked if schools kill creativity,
in fact he noticed that they did.

Another elucidated the fact, that there is no such thing,
as truing off of one thing.

Educators see lack of creativity in standardized children,
because creativity is what they look for.

But as a handful of AI thought experiments you can condust on your own,
will show you, it is all or nothing.

A mind needs a balance of several things,
when just one is harmed, the whole thing will collapse.

That is what has happened, that is why our culture,
largely became the culture of dog eat dog.

Why most men, only care to take advantage of weakness,
that this all the consciousness they got.

Before you think it, religion caused the same thing,
the men of ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...y from bad.

But you have to put them away the moment you don’t need them,
this is not inheritance like religion, it is an alert.

As in you have to fix it,
now.

Why not become a Psychologist,
and answer your own questions:

Is ineffective cuokie cutter education,
helping or harming student?

Will decades of ineffective eductaion under the threat of
shame, ridicule, and carrer ending bad grades.

Harm the students to the point where they don't become fully conscious,
and enter a state of:

I want what everyone is having,
even if it is just make believe?

While at it, also they to figure out,
what happened to competent psychologists, hopefully not the same thing.

---

Outcomes is where you need to look,
the younger of you, must now choose.

Between authentic education and a full measure of consciousness,
or ineffective education.

And a narcosis, that will make all the make-believe,
simulated things that are sure to follow, tolerable.

But make no mistake,
narcosis can only lead to century upon a century of meaningless war.

---

I have a symbol for the younger of you,
it is a blue marble, or a bead.

You don’t have to wear it around your neck,
you can thread it on your shoelace.

It means that you are in the service of Earth,
that you are a watcher, viewing the world outside in.

---

The most important thing however,
are the narrated Science Popularizer books.

Science popularizer, collect and uncover,
the most beautiful ways of learning.

For example I can explain to you orbital dynamics,
with Newtons own apple.

Imagine picking that apple up, and throwing it as hard as you can,
it arcs back down to earth.

But now imagine it throwing it really far, to the horizon even,
it sill falls to the ground.

But what about past the horizon, where earth curves,
what if you throw it so hard that as it falls closer to the ground…

Earth surface dips down too,
because it is a sphere, not a flat surface.

Now you know how to put a satellite in orbit,
and what Science Popularizer do.

---


Conspire to help each other rise,
failing that become a great being in your own right.

Your greatest power, is preventing things,
winning all your battles before they are fought.

May your thoughts begin, where great beings left off,
and may you live, to see no end.
