Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Tiny Report On The Future Of Programming
Tuesday • July 8th 2025 • 9:11:29 pm

Somewhere someone will make the argument that Visual Programming,
adds too much stuff.

And then promptly,
get drained of life by a mountain of code.

There is no argument to be made for,
“If you write it right, you’ll remember it”.

If you have to remember anything about it,
you WILL forget it.

Hence people invented self documenting code,
highest form of which are the Visual Programming Languages.

---

The biggest argument against VPLs today is that,
they don’t finish anything, they come close but not to the end.

But, that is false, everything runs on events, from your mouse clicks,
to bank transactions, website events, everything.

Visual Programming Languages done right,
are just pretty event routing programs.

---

With pretty much everything being an event,
pretty routing programs, is pretty much everything you need.

And the ugly truth is, programming isn’t all that great,
without coherent, ornate, elaborate event orchestration.

Orchestrating networks of events that wait for other events,
is the act of creating a kind of intelligence.

---

Today, I looked at three Event Orchestration Components,
the saga pattern that fuses long running events.

Like putting stuff in a shopping card,
and then some minutes in the future, the user completing the transaction.

I looked at Event Aggregation, where you define dependent events,
when displaying a connection between two boxes, you wait for them to appear.

And a Guard, an EventGuard, that just waits for stuff to be right,
before emitting, guarding against out of sequence things.

----

These are simple pieces you connect together,
to trigger actions, or prevent them, to send them around or not.

And mo matter what you need, so as long a you imagine it as a simple machine,
the AI will know how to make it for you.

Because events are popular,
because they are everything.

Testing AI today, it showed me that a specific purpose made aggregator,
such as, make sure my plants get watered when temperature reaches some value.

Is 20-30 lines of code, a generic one, is 400 – 700,
this is not bad, but it shows, that AI is doing something well.

And it did not get confused about data,
it knows that events carry data, that data or objects flow through connections.

It knows the EventEmitter perfectly,
it does not need to have it explained or defined.

---

The other half, is visual,
probably vector graphics that retain sharp edges.

And it will look futuristic,
though it is purely about visualizing the data.

I think AI is ready for it,
but it will need instructions.

Certainly,
for a coherent graphic theme,


What might AI decorate as, graphs and charts, labels, icons,
and animations related to data flowing through the emitter.

There is something very natural about circular patters,
to plot an Emitter with Input and Output ports.

---

For every things else, desktop applications based on Web Browsers,
that use the rich Web API and above all Users own CPU, will do.

The future is a picture of what AI is today,
and long and winding simplicity that never runs out of energy.
