Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence As A Future Machine
Saturday • July 12th 2025 • 8:32:17 pm

AI works, but like with any other machine,
there a lot of settings you have to figure out.

All the negative AI news are just news articles in reverse, ignore them,
they are designed to catch your attention and puke an ad at you.

The cranky senior programmers, they just hate everything,
because they let their boss poison their curiosity and drain their creativity.

They hate their life, their, job, their boss, their gut, their cubicle,
their workers, the printer, microwave, and their face.

Those people, need to quit their job, and re-group their mind,
they need to walk the AT, PCT, and CDT, and stop complaining.

Being right in the beginning, we get to use the powerful AI for free,
in return for the problem solving training that it receives by watching us think.

That is great too, otherwise the good AI would not be within our reach,
 there was no chance for you to walk with Watson, consider yourself lucky.

---

You can download AI to your computer through the ollama project,
as another AI for help, it is just two or three commands.

It is slow on a cheap computer, but it becomes yours,
it is like a slow internet connection if you have a computer as ancient as mine.

So, already no one can take it away from you,
and three projects are live trying to put an optimized AI on your phone.

---

This is your first real call, to start using AI, it is great as of about a month ago,
it is ridiculously powerful, overpowered, and infinite.

So much so, that you have to find your own way of speaking with it,
I asked one today to improve my code up to a highest standard.

It turned 5 lines of code, into 150, smartly covering all the errors,
all inputs validated, AI is superhuman, and it makes you super powerful too.

---

You need to set school aside, at the very least in your mind,
and learn enough programming to write that 5 lines.

And the first program you have to create,
is your application builder, see HyperCard, or Automator.

You learn code along the way,
as you re-word and fix what AI missed.

The AI will forever need the human mind, your ideas,
because you are the precious source code.

But the sooner you start programming, the better,
you have to make a wise choice now.

Choose between the impression of education and hoop jumping,
or learning programming, learning for real.

And understanding what learning really is,
and how an authentic education transforms you at every step.

You are not meant for an office cubicle,
you are meant to grow all the way up, until you become a great being.

Choose authentic education,
the older you will never regret it.
