Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding Is No Big Deal; But, Not Bodybuilding, Is
Sunday • February 2nd 2025 • 12:26:52 am

We all need somewhat serious muscle,
because we are serous animals.

A chimp, a horse, a tiger,
are all good examples of what I mean.

These animals move, they walk,
they jog, and they sprint.

They do it so frequently,
that they don’t have to lift much.

---

Without muscle, we are missing,
an important layer of protection.

Especially as we get older,
then, muscle is key.

It is your energy to stay fit,
it is amour armor.

Armour, to have a serious fall,
and bounce right up.

---

Muscle feels like rubber, basically,
it fell like rubber when you are lifting heavy.

It feels like rubber when you tense up,
during a fall.

And it feels like rubber,
when you hit the ground.

It sure is a weird feeling,
and what is even weirder…

Is that as dynamic as a fall is,
it does nothing to you when you are muscular.

---

In a word,
bodybuilding keeps you young.

I call it our first and foremost,
anti-aging treatment.

---

Let me tell you how it is done,
so that you can get started.

Your body grows slowly,
and that speed is how hard you must try.

Which is to say, not very hard,
not at all.

Past the blisters which happen once as your feet adapt,
and initial few weeks, of awakening your muscle.

(Which do not hurt because of the workout,
but because they were in an unhealthy state.)

Not even your gentle pushing forward,
for the purpose of reminding your body to adapt, will make you ache.

That is how the animals do it,
they keep moving.

And once they can handle more,
they move, more.

---

Joggers have that figured out,
they don’t call it jogging until they don’t need to stop.

Which is to say,
they focus on closing their rest gaps.

That is your first mission,
whether you are beginning walking, or improving lifting.

There is no rest during a workout,
the 1980’s aerobics demonstrate that perfectly.

You keep on moving, and once you are able to handle it,
you get some light shiny dumbbells.

3 pounds is a good start,
especially if you are walking.

But like an animal,
once you are able to get through your exercise non-stop…

With dumbbells in hand,
you start chewcking if you can lift slighy heavier dumbells.

Maybe even try adding 1 or 2 pound wrist weights,
and certainly never go up by a whopping 5 pounds.

You can’t go from lifting 1 pounds for 1 hour,
to lifting 10 pounds, for an hour….

You need that 7.5,
and for a goodie long while, until your body catches up.

The rule I invented,
is as follows.

Not so little that you can lift more,
but not so much that you have to stop.

So you see, duration of your exercise,
is more important then the weights you lift.

Duration is the carrier,
of the message, for adaptation.

You must always move to the beat of music,
one beat up the next beat down, as that will put you in a trance.

At first you should use slow songs at first,
country, rather than rock and roll or techno.

But eventually, as you slowly adapt,
you should multiply the duration of your workouts.

The longer and more frequently you work out,
the faster that change will come.

I work out 3 hours a day,
5 days a week.

That will transform a fat person,
into a bodybuilder.

You don’t have to worry,
about how long it will take.

Because you see results,
weekly.

I am always standing up, I never sit,
and now my legs and abdominal muscles are growing.

If you just lift dumbbells non-stop,
twisting and turning to the beat of music – it becomes a full body exercise.
