Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Learn For Real, Learn Programming
Wednesday • October 22nd 2025 • 9:20:41 pm

It may be that the AI we have today,
will always outprogram all the wonders that are yet to come

---

What you really want is a bright future,
what your teacher wants is the paycheck.

The teacher and the student,
have never been in the same boat.

You parents will happily tolerate a fake school,
so as long as they get a free babysitter.

---

You need to stop tolerating lairs and manipulators,
you need to stop pretending to learn for grades.

---

And you need to understand that those who triumph in school,
are not smarter, but are surrounded by educated culture.

Science, wisdom, adventure,
on the day you enter into debt for more fake education.

They enter the Triple Crown, and spend the next two years,
setting a slope they will travel upwards on for the rest of their life.

In school, their school education is as fake as yours,
but they have that wonder of more intellectual pursuits.

However, they lack class, becasue instead of telling you how it is done,
they try to convince you their brain is special.

---

We are incredibly lucky that AI is here,
it is more powerful than anybody can imagine.

The people who say bad things about it,
do not have the education to carry a conversation.

---

The real truth is that, compared to authentic education,
no one has learned anything educational in standardized schools.

The nerds in the computer club,
brought it from home, they made the club their.

The programming club,
didn’t make them, it would have in-fact broken them.

---

Don’t argue with me, your grades are fake too,
teachers copy the average from other subjects – yup.

The schools were invented for you,
but that didn’t work out.

Today shool are not about you,
they are about adults making money off of you.

Don’t argue with me,
just listen.

---

Just remember, that to grow up, means to grow all the way up,
you have to become a warrior, philosopher, and a troublemaker.

You have to grow all the way up,
until you stand upright as a great being.
