Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Back To The Future: Reinventing A Smart Smartphone
Sunday • April 25th 2021 • 3:43:26 pm

Today's smart phones,

contain disconnected walled gardens and distant islands of functionality.

The design principle revolves around that old apocryphal story,

where Willie Sutton upon being asked why he robbed banks, responded:

"because that's where the money is."

This is not a design principle,

this has nothing to do with invention.

The leading operating system and phone manufacturers,

have been beat by the little Pine Phone without much of any effort.

And of course, the Pine Phone Operating System,

being closer to the pure Linux... is far more powerful.

It is not just Pine Phone, but also Raspberry PI,

with a 4G modem, UPS/Battery and touchscreen, and a custom case.

Here we have to think in four dimensions, it will be larger,

but with room for extra hardware and the power of a proper desktop.

The Raspberry PI or any Single Board Computer (SBC), is the modular phone,

that people don't yet realize they want.

This is not a question of hardware,

.

To this day Pine Phone, warns that dead pixels on the screen are normal,

and not purchase their phones, if that will cause a return.

Dealing with hardware problems,

is expensive, and doubly so for companies that do not yet have large financial backing.

The Raspberry PI and the other SBCs are an exception here,

because you are buying everything a piece at a time.

But this _is_ a question of software,

the underlying operating systems must be easy to access.

The phone has to boot the same way that a computer does,

by trapping the users within some abstraction layer the companies destroy the computer.

What this means, is that the company that will bring the computer back,

as in not bother with an alternative GUI, will easily overpower the leading giants.

An unrestricted Linux device like the Pine Phone, or Librem 5,

has a lot more to offer than privacy violations, photo leaks and candy crush.

They offer real functionality,

with a world of developers that feel comfortable programming for Linux or BSD.

Once the restriction of the Simplified Graphical Shell (like Android or MacOS) is removed,

the underlying operating system will be exposed to real developers.

One of the first things people will program are clones of the leading Simplified Graphical Shells,

t...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...oles of today suffer from customized walled gardens as means to squeeze every cent out of a customer that already paid.

Apps, is what Linux does, and almost all are free,

certainly all the good ones, that culture of free open source would continue on the pure Linux Phone as well.

There would be no shortage of apps,

there would be an increase in contributors, and bandwidth donors, and mirrors, and so on.

Predictably, Apps, Games, and Security would be superior to that on leading smart-phones of today,

and the increase of care and attention would benefit security on both the desktop and mobile.

Today's leading smartphone platforms,

are just a side road that we'll eventually forget.

Had they stayed in the mainstream,

their contributions would be more significant and more valuable pushing the evolution of Linux beyond what it is today, past a simplified desktop and into a world where the common user can write programs.

In closing, stay away from hardware,

but know that hardware is simple.

All that is required to bring bout a range of Linux phones,

is to get them without the extra locks and restrictions that cripple the ability to install standard Linux.

Put on a linux friendly distribution, and there is a number of them,

and voila.

Just like people are buying the Pine Phone without any advertising on TV,

they would be buying the $100 to $150 no brand linux phones that come in different shapes and sizes.

And the advertising comes from social media, from word of mouth,

a cheap no brand pure linux phone that can help the user out program most of the apps in walled gardens, would spread like a wildfire.

In all their programming and years of development,

the leading smartphone platforms achieved nothing to beat 1980's programming powers.

In all their programming, or shall we say madness,

they only created more attack vectors and sacrificed user privacy, while finding new ways to gag them with ads.

The biggest threat to these giants,

is the bare operating system that they crammed their small minded ideas on...

They robbed the bank, because that is where the money was,

but they also shot themselves in the foot, and now have no leg to stand on, when facing something as trivial as the cute and little $150 Pine Phone.
