Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Baby Steps; Or, Adventure And The Quest For Authenticity, Class, Wisdom And Greatness
Thursday • February 29th 2024 • 12:28:18 am

A gentle man, or a gentle lady,
is middle english for being ennobled by ones deeds.

Everyone can be ennobled,
so as long as the rise is honest and authentic.

Some will choose to stay behind,
to prevent others from fracturing the way they did.

But it is still, greatness,
it still travels.

---

There is a very large problem here,
one that deal with a mindset of side-chicks, drugs, violence.

When the person is raised that way,
their entire life will scroll by, and quite meaninglessly so.

It is a great cruelty to raise someone this way,
to deny them class, love of wisdom, and hope of greatness.

This sets up a young person for failure,
that was once entirety avoidable.

---

So there is an emergency escape hatch,
out of indoctrination into bad ideas.

It requires walking the Appalachian,
and maybe Pacific Crest and Continental Divide Trails.

The magnificence and challenge of it,
combined with hundreds of Audio Books…

Will pull a person into a culture of greatness,
the culture of the authors of those books.

This is a difficult process,
but better than life passing a person by.

---

The books are Biographies, Quests For Wisdom, Science Popularizer Masterpieces,
Works of Philosophy, and of course Great Adventure.

The urge to leave the trail comes with bad weather,
blisters, frigid cold, leaky tents and mice.

It is difficult, but there isn’t really anywhere to go back to,
it is just more bad ideas.

It seems like walking the great trails is about adventure,
about something new, something challenging.

But there is more to it,
the trails represent a way out of indoctrination to bad ideas.

---

I know of this, because I know bullies,
because I know this is the only thing that would work for them.

And because I saw the magnitude of change,
that comes with switching countries, from breaking away.

The trail is a peaceful place,
like a new continent.

And the audio books, the philosophers,
are the new friends and family.

---

We the adults, are at fault for young people,
getting sidetracked, sometimes for life.

We fail to remind them,
that merely growing up is not enough.

That authenticity and class, are just as important,
and that to grow up, means to grow all the way up.

Until we become,
great beings.
