Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

An Anonymous Open Letter To All The World's Teenagers
Friday • February 4th 2022 • 2:31:24 pm

I will introduce you to a clock,
that you can use as a measuring stick.

I will show that Universal Income,
and Real Education solve the problems you will soon face.

And I will ask you to stage a protest,
and build a real school, where people can learn for real.

When the world - that is to say your students - are ready,
the money for Basic Income will come from the improved future of the world that does not suffer an irreparable collapse.

Money is an imaginary concept,
your generation will eliminate poverty, by extending the concept of money to consider the future that Humanity is headed towards.

Let us begin;

The backbone of your clock is the health of the Amazon Rain Forest (just because it is an ongoing issue that recently got worse),
Insects and Bats are your most powerful indicator, and Tigers, Rhinos and Orangutans represents all the rest you need to measure.

The Amazon Rain Forest is important because it is being burned, by the poor, for money,
they are helping themselves, at the cost of future generations.

You will find that this "by the poor, for the money",
is playing a major negative role everywhere.

It is also empowering large corporations,
and even child labor and slavery.

Money is fine for playing pointless games at Wall St. but it you apply the idea of money to all Humanity,
it will be its silent and imperceptible undoing.

Amazon is just the first of about a dozen no return points,
so, there is plenty of opportunity to get it right.

Do not let these ideas make you sad,
I am merely asking you and all the other readers. to become Great Beings.

There is a very small chance that people will not know what to do,
or that the changes will be so slow, that no single generation will notice the disaster unfold.

But more pressing than talk of distant disasters,
is a conversation, about avoiding needless suffering, which doubles a way to prevent said disasters.

We have already shown that Humanity is blind to
Mass Incarceration, Hunger and Famine, Poverty and Homelessness, Indoctrination and War, Slavery and Nations that violate Human Rights.

In their un-education, and fantasy lifestyles, ,
.

This problem is rooted in fake education,
.

,
as no singe person can correct the problem, it will take a generation.

L...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...tness the impact of their flawed decision making,
on your existence and the well being of your Grand Children.

Make sure, that there are multiple Open Source school systems in competition with one another,
and of course, that the winning one will get translations into all the languages, and that all people can access your school eventually.

The second fun use,
is witnessing how young people are much more perceptive and better at learning than we all assumed.

Perhaps you can do something, to help the politicians to get ready to have their fat asses handed to them,
by foul mouthed twelve year old girls with a superior education - IDK.

I wish I had some proof for you,
but Improved Education, is the only road to Global Universal Income.

It is a ladder, that the world climbs,
and gets higher powers from.

Darkly speaking; either way, eventually people would see that there is no future,
when they desperately sell out their future generations, just to live their own life.

In order for the world to begin healing,
poverty must end, for poverty to end, you have to build real schools so that the resulting politicians can see.

Hey, cheer up,
you are not alone.

The moment you hand in your first blank test,
all the Great Beings in the world today, and even those who have already passed.

Stand by your side in kinship, friendship, appreciation of your courage,
and in the shared vision of a better future, that is worthy of us all.

Cramming for tests, and pretending to learn, while everyone fills their pockets with your debts and savings -
was never the way forward.

And you are not giving anything up,
by making your own, more authentic way, though Arts and Sciences.

You would have neither found Wisdom, nor Greatness, in the inauthentic path,
there was no authentic prestige there, no real graduations or diplomas, - the futures that are worthy of you are the ones that are most authentic.

And this idea needs you, we do our best thinking out on the very limits of our mental capacities and this is mine,
so take this idea and write, and imagine, and build, and continue until you reach your limits, though with a much finer version than the scraps you found here.

Like the better future,
your Unimaginable Greatness is well within your reach.
