Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You Are More Than You Think, And The Problem Of Humanity
Monday • May 20th 2024 • 10:57:45 pm

We don’t know what we are not,
and trying to connect to our elder selves barely works.

It is a fantasy or a dream after all,
and all too much is missing.

We can be certain that,
that growing up is important.

And that to grow up,
must mean to grow all the way up.

And growing all the way up,
means becoming a great being.

---

This is where the problem starts,
Great Beings are mountain movers.

Forces of nature,
that will crush evil.

And what makes evil so popular,
is that it takes no effort.

Look how much dream and wisdom,
it takes to build a sky scraper, or fill a library.

And how all it takes fo evil to destroy it,
is a match.

---

All those ghouls who wallow in evil,
know the power of effort and fear greatness.

The very being that you are asked to become,
is the single most inconvenient thing.

Tho those who resist change,
in order to continue their parasitical existence.

You can’t grow all the way up,
without coming under attack.

---

The attack will range from fake poems,
that call for self education but deny science.

To your name simply being missing from the ballot,
because you don’t believe….

In whatever fantasy they worship,
in your corner of the world.

No one will want you to stick your head out,
every false leader and creep who ingratiate himself into a position of authority.

Will feel less than you,
and will feel threatened by you.

They won’t even need to think,
before beginning to destroy your reputation.

It will be gone instantly,
long before you notice.

And then the lies will start,
they did this, said that, do that.

Your enemies will be gagging,
with all the horseshit coming out their mouths.

---

And there is a second part,
to the problem.

You have no idea,
how powerful you mind is.

Even if you read all the books,
you would know little.

And only if you wrote a thousand,
became well traveled on the great trails, you would be scratching the surface.

---

Greatness, is not even a beginning,
it is barely the fair start.

---

You are made of star stuff,
the accretion disk around our sun.

Made planets,
and you match Earths chemical signature exactly.

You can’t tolerate the elements you haven’t evolved around,
and you need what was plentiful to stay healthy.

You have to see you beginning in t...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ppiness,
as happiness can only ensue for your wisdom and greatness.

And that much of what you know of reality,
are folk tails.

But rather than being told what it is,
you have to discover it on your own.

Because reality is vast,
and you should not follow in anybody’s footstep.

But create a brand new mountain peek,
that will add new gravity to the Human Condition.

So as long as it is authentic, dignified,
and stands on the shoulders of giants.

Even if just to spare you,
the mistakes of small men.

Lives already lives countless many times before,
just to start at zero and barely climb anywhere.

---

You have to begin, with your own mix of powerful wisdom,
that you inherit from many others.

That guarantees that your journey,
will count in the future.

---

The reach of folk tails we accepted as reality,
is very broad, and very powerful.

For one, weekly paychecks are silly and desperate invention,
and you must resist a mind numbing career that will consume your decades.

Humanity, not employers, need your mind,
you are not a worker, you are not a worker, you are not a worker.

You are above all, an adventurer, because adventure makes room,
for narrated books that constitute your intellectual inheritance.

Without inheriting the culture of great beings,
you will be trapped in prisons of invisible walls constructed by men of small minds.

The dictators, manipulators, hustlers,
men who convinced themselves of greatness in their madness and regiments of narcotics.

You are a creature of the stars, you are a creature of the stars,
and you are meant to grow all the way up, and become a great being.

Please,
you are a creature of the stars.

Epilogue,

A quote by Robert Ardrey

We were born of risen apes, not fallen angels,
and the apes were armed killers besides.

And so what shall we wonder at?
Our murders and massacres and missiles, and our irreconcilable regiments?

Or our treaties whatever they may be worth;
our symphonies however seldom they may be played;
our peaceful acres, however frequently they may be converted to battlefields;
our dreams however rarely they may be accomplished.

The miracle of man is not how far he has sunk but how magnificently he has risen.

We are known among the stars by our poems,
not our corpses.
