Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Web Developer
Tuesday • February 18th 2020 • 10:12:13 pm

Becoming a Web Developer is like fighting in a Great Battle.

If you make a wrong move, you will lose, but gain wisdom for it, with
each failure you gain more wisdom, with each rebuild, you build faster.

Things can get toxic all too quickly, you will have to be ready to quit,
and retry. Like a Samurai, without thought, you release your Katana, cut
the job, move on.

Below is the text from [Love building themes? Join the Theme Store
community at Shopify](), where website themes sell for $180.

(If you think you can handle this, go for it! Though, please note that they
are gently asking that you have a team, which could mean outsourcing, and a
budget for bug fixing. The platform for managing your outsourced team would
be and , this is doable you could even experiment
paying your developers via )

Personally, I see that the posting below has too many restrictions. And if
your theme won't average 10 sales per month, they'll throw it out.

I don't know what their relationship is with [leading web design
frameworks](). I don't think they have a rational streamlined pipeline.
Because, what they call bug fixing is a massive undertaking requiring
.

The most widely developed foundation for themes, after many years of
development had last month alone (November 2019).

Shopify is the world’s fastest growing commerce platform and we have no
plans to slow down! The Shopify Theme Partnerships team is on a mission to
make sure our merchants have access to the highest quality themes
available. Every month, thousands of merchants look for new themes for
their online stores. Our team is on the lookout for skilled, passionate
designers and developers we can work with to create amazing themes for the
Theme Store.

Here are a few things to consider before you send us your Theme Partner
application:

 * Shopify themes need constant care and attention. We expect Theme
 Partners who work with us to be engaged, passionate about their theme(s),
 and apply any theme updates we request in a timely manner.
 * Being a Theme Partner is a full-time job. You will need to dedicate a
 lot of time updating your theme(s) as well as supporting the merchants who
 are using your theme. If you become a Theme Partner, you’ll need to
 consider how you’ll balance Theme Partner work with...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...clude improvements
to the overall user experience, the user interface, accessibility, and more.

Now, a job making themes for Shopify is great for a Web Design start-up
struggling to get customers, as 160 sales would get them $20K, after the
30% cut (of $8,640). But for an outsider looking in, it is just a look into
the world of professional web development, and never-ending bug fixing.
Aside from regular bugs, both code-bases (bootstrap and shopify) are under
active development, that is a lot of code updates.

There is a smaller but streamlined theme sales platform, with [more
reasonable restrictions](). Take a look at the sales stats that they
parade right at their . At 48,623 sales priced at $44 USD,
the would have made 2.2 million USD.
Even if WrapBootstrap took 50% of that, the developer took a million home.

Now remember is sitting right on top of so
at no charge to [INSPINIA
Developers](). All they do is add more components, and keep up with the
latest updates to the code base.



The Web Developer, that you need to become creates the streamlined,
low-liability versions of , ,
or even it self, and others that tickle your fancy in
similar ways.

Now when I went to the website of INSPINIA developers, I got redirected to
wrapbootstrap.com. This may mean - and in deed it would make perfect sense

 * that WrapBootstrap made INSPINIA. This would also mean that they made 2.2
 Million Dollars, they pocketed 100% of those sales ([3rd party sellers earn
 80%]()).

Your story may be even more elaborate than this. You maybe taking a step
above the platforms, and sell a service where a person can rent a platform
like or for a monthly
membership fee and a reasonable percentage of sales.

Web Developer, is a huge step. But making themes is not it. It is not even
about learning programming, though you should definitely know about it;
because you need a team of programmers to develop your sales platform(s).

It is about becoming a Businessperson with a plan. In other words, a
Founder, a CEO.

You shouldn't think of a web developer as a person that merely develops for
the web, think of one as a developer of the web. That is a difference
between $180 and $2,200,000, a resume and an outstanding portfolio, an
employee and an employer, bugfixes and excitement.