Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Knowledge And Wisdom Is Personal, School Is Just Paychecks And Politics
Tuesday • November 14th 2023 • 11:29:40 pm

Do not underestimate your teachers zeal,
to teach you a lesson you will never forget.

They will easily drop fifty years,
to hoover up all the easy paychecks and praise.

They will blame you for not trying hard enough,
your parents for being useless.

The classroom for being slowed down,
with all the special needs people.

And finally throw in some half-understood imaginary nonsense,
about perfect pitch, hand eye coordination, photographic memory, and genius.

Just to gauge how much more effort they have to put in,
to cover their rear.

---

To be fair teachers don't know,
what is going on.

They suspend their self evaluation,
the moment they enter the trance...

Of, fake it,
until you make it.

Whatever they make of this faking,
is always a costly disaster.

---

Who knows how many students,
are turned away form real education.

Away from music, or painting, or programming,
and becoming, intellectually and financially independent.

Even if just to travel, to write, to discover and rediscover,
to reinvent and and later invent...

And to rise to new heights,
in love of wisdom, onward to greatness.

---

Do not gamble,
with the content of your mind.

Only trust the authors of books,
loved by clear thinkers around the world.

Books that change humanity for the better,
and cast the old and broken away.

You are not meant to begin in the past,
where mistakes can only repeat.

But at the highest of heights,
where clearest of thinkers left off.

Do not disregard the progress that has been made,
and the terrible mistakes that were already had.

---

Entrust the content of your mind,
to the greatest of thinkers only.

Begin with narrated books,
and prepare to walk the triple crown.

The Appalachian, Pacific Crest,
and the Continental Divide Trail.

Where you will have plenty of time,
to listen and re-listen.

To inherit Humanity's Wisdom,
and the culture of Great Beings.

---

You cannot reach a compromise,
in a system of ineffective education.

In any compromise between good an evil,
it is only the evil that can profit.

Take good care of your mind,
and grow all the way up...

Until you become,
a great being.
