Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilder vs. Jogger
Sunday • March 3rd 2024 • 12:53:46 am

A bodybuilder is like a jogger,
in that both build on endurance.

The one major difference is that a bodybuilder,
tries to barely finish the route by adding more weight.

A jogger upon completion of their jog,
will go home and do the same thing the next day.

A bodybuilder will add more weight,
and eat meat.

---

There is a massive mistake that everyone makes,
that prevents getting a full bodybuilder workout.

They weight themselves down, so much,
that they don’t get far into the route at all.

People tire themselves out too soon,
to make a difference.

Muscles grow fast, you can see that in joggers,
few weeks will earn them more muscular legs.

Lifting too heavy, or worse yet,
doing nothing to increase endurance first.

Prevents muscle growth,
there is just not enough there.

---

It is not about how much you lift,
and starting gout with a mighty 20 pound weight.

It is about how long you can lift the lightest weight,
and when it is for too long…

You switch to the next weight up,
until that becomes too light as your body adapts.

So you have to start with 3lb weights,
and get to a daily two hour routine.

And if you can finish without trouble,
you then switch to 5lb weights.

---

Joggers may use a vibrating interval timer,
or a musical couch to 5k program to eliminate rest.

First time bodybuilding will be 30 seconds of exercise,
and then 3 maybe 5 minutes of rest.

Configuring that into an interval timer,
will allow for the much needed consistency.

And almost imperceptible elimination of rest,
as one shortens rest periods by just a few secconds evey week.

Extending a number of rounds or pairs of exercise-and-rest,
will extend the duration of the workout from 15, to 30, and 45 and 60 minutes.

---

From a reverse perspective,
a jogger is a bodybuilder that never increases their lifting weight.

They may decrease it even,
as they become more fit and lighter.

---

Finally, if you are a jogger hopping to put on some muscle,
simply jog with three pound dumbbells.

If you can finish your routine without any trouble,
then use five pound weights, as three won’t do much for you.

Watch your back, and step, and knuckles,
and get plastic coated dumbbells, as metal will rust quickly.


---

If you are a bodybuilder, you lift too heavy,
and that cuts you off from growing your muscle.

You have to go and find a weight,
that will force you to stop just as you need to leave the gym.

Use an interval timer to eliminate rest,
watch your hydration, and electrolytes.

Lift to the beat of songs to enter a dance trance,
and try to find faster ones as you go.

---

The exercise is just twisting an turning with dumbbells,
Dumbbell Lateral Raise, Standing Dumbbell Curls, and Overhead Shoulder Press.

There are two kinds of heavy,
the one that shuts you down and does little.

And the other that lets you lift without rest,
for just about the full duration of your stay at the gym.
