Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Is Philosophy Still A Thing?
Sunday • November 10th 2024 • 11:49:01 pm

That in it self is a philosophical question,
I will answer it, with a series of semmingly childish questions.

They are not meant to be anwsered, or judge you,
they are meant to be simple, naive, a litte conspiratorial, and noble and pure.

They are meant to accelerate you,
towards a journey, where you rise.

Where you not just ask your own,
in the dignity and privacy of your mind.

But ask, on the very edge,
ow what you can handle.

So that with your next question,
you will be able to rise higer.

And carry on, to no end,
or alteasy until you find all your precious anwsers.

---

Have you noticed that you are a creature of the universe,
made of star stuff, and only a human close second?

Do you really think that you were so unfortunate,
that you were born poor to a poor family?

Did you perhaps figure out, that poverty is artificial,
that it makes you predictable, and useful.

Did you notice all that cash flowing through you,
between your insurance and severely overpriced medicine?

Did you notice how you are being used,
without ever being considered.

---

Did you notice that old religions cover just the walking distance,
they don’t talk about making continents.

Have you considered, how your beliefs would have changed,
had you been born to a different family in a different country?

Or pondered that if ones morality is there out of fear of punishment,
than that person is deeply unwell.

And have you ever wondered, if maybe the unchanging,
is the truth, and reality.

Did you notice we are bout to cure aging,
and that it is best to teach love of life, not servitude unil after death?

---

And if you are young, and your politicians sufficiently corrupt,
have you predicted, how they will send you to war, under god and county?

Dis you figure out, that the war for dignity, goodness, wisdom and greatness,
is fought at the library, against fake education.

Do you still think about the moment, when you stopped learning,
and started memorizing under the threat of ridicule and bad GPA?

Have you ever asked yourself, why you are getting the same grades,
in all your classes, noticing that teachers are just copying the GPA.

Have you guessed that to stay under the radar,
your class has been divided in 1/3=A, 1/3=b, 1/3=C, and the losers?

Did you catch that burning books, is not actually about fire and smoke,
and how many books do you read or listen to a month?

Did you notice how we are all one human family,
divided by ineffective if not downright fake in some placed education?

Did you ask what it means to grow up,
and did you figure out, that to grow up means to grow all the way up?

That to rise, means to become a great being,
who loves life, who protects humanity in their dignity, wisdom, and greatness?

Have you looked in the mirror recently,
have you noticed what sugar, stress, overwork.

And do you really believe, that in the state that you are in,
you can honestly say knowledge, wisdom, learning and books are not for you?

Or did you notice, that you need to reset, go hiking and camping, and,
re-start your life, so that you may re-gain your ability to learn and be healthy.

Did you notice how captious your mind is, how you mastered reading and writing,
not at all an evolutionary trait, but a revelation of your mental powers?

Do you know that you are a genius,
that all it takes is learning for real?

That just by skimming all these questions,
they already grew much smaller, and you want more?

Because I know, that if you tasted academic philosophy,
then you correctly identified it as inert, shallow, vapid.

Go buy a warm tent, and a captious backpack,
and prepare for crossing the Appalachian, Pacific Crest and Continental Divide Trails.

Before you carry on with the rest of your life,
get your triple crown, and recover so that you can read and listen, and see.

Because you are not a student, not a worker, not old, not slow, of not-smart,
you are meant to GROW, and all the way up, until you become a Great Being.

May you wake to see every sunrise,
and never miss a sunset.
