Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding And Energy; Or, How To Keep Going At The Gym
Saturday • December 6th 2025 • 2:16:44 pm

Your body is a finely tuned machine,
my doctor always says “coffee is good for you”, but it is not.

There are only two sources of energy food,
and fresh songs that make you want to dance.

Coffee will make you cross boundaries your body prefers you don’t cross,
it is not nutrition, it is forcing your body to do something it does not want to do.

Not only will you be energized at wrong times of day relative to your schedule,
you will also be tired at wrong times of day.

---

You get no shortcuts, you can’t cheat your body into a workout,
just like you can’t just start painting masterpieces.

Respect your sleep schedule,
let it stabile by waking up at the same time.

And then honor it,
you may still need a jolt of energy, but you must honor the schedule your body sets.

That puts you into the real energy zone,
you are resting correctly, doing what your body expects you to do.

You can’t cheat a great ape that evolved for 4 billion years,
with a bean, you need sleep, rest, health.

---

Once you stop sabotaging your body with coffee,
and a stupid sleep schedule.

You need to remember that you have superpowers,
you are an adaptive biomechanical machine.

That means, you can slowly, at the speed that your body allows,
raise your endurance, precisely, like joggers do it.

Start slow, eliminate rest, celebrate, go faster,
adapt some more.

---

For bodybuilding, you don’t focus on speed of jogging,
you focus on weighing your self down.

You do that by carrying dumbbells in your hands,
you will trip and fall, make sure the dumbbell plates protect your fingers.

You can continue increasing your dumbell weight,
if you only go up by 2.5 pounds.

The 5 pound gap that we see at the gym is too wide,
you can’t go up by a total of 10 pounds, 5 pounds is the maximum.

Please be responsible and respectful to your body,
and use wrist weights making the gap even smaller.

Go from five pounds per hand,
to six or six and a half, and then sever and a half.

---

You can clearly see,
how that will keep you going.

---

Once it becomes too cold, or your dumbbells become too heavy and dangerous,
you sign up for the gym.

You begin working out with young lads who perfume themselves to smell nice,
use the same toilets that seem to be used by unclean l...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...racting you,
when you enter your trance.

Though there are lots of cars on the road,
they are all average, doing average things.

---

At the gym, a dancer will not upset your focus,
it will encourage you and validate that you are in the right palce.

You will also help other people feel comfortable,
with more dynamic workouts.

A good workout, ultimately,
is the difference between life and death.

It is the people who are showing off, or aren’t working out,
that may upset your focus, in which case, you move to anther corner of the gym.

---

My last piece of gym advice, is for those of you who want instant results,
without removing kitchen appliances, going hiking and camping, or bicycling.

Find a class of stop watch called an in interval timer, you can find apps,
off brand clones, unfortunately there aren’t too many companies that produce them..

Set your interval timer to one minute workout, one minute rest,
clip it on your waist band.

And let the vibrate function tell you when to go and stop,
as your body adapts expand the workout duration, and adjust your rest period.

With the eventual aim, of eliminating your rest entirely,
and working out non stop.

I think accomplishment the same through jogging maybe more pleasant,
as you never have to jog very fast with dumbbells I hands.

But jogging wants good stable weather, well behaved passers by,
preferably crisp and green mornings willed with park trees away from cars.

An interval timer, forces you to do things at the gym,
where like a terrible fat bird, all you get, is a mirror.

---

Lastly, the rule is simple, it is not about how heavy you lift,
it is about how long you lift your heavy for,

You have to start light, not so light that you can lift more,
but never so heavy, that you are forced to stop.

As you body adapts, it gives you a little extra,
so you add a little bit more weight.

---

Get mad, y have been cheated out of bodybuilding by bad advice,
and I think it is time for you to get angry at ineffective education.

Because an ineffective workout, where you call cutting off your circulation,
some kind of mystical muscle failure that will make you buff, is a betrayal.

You need to put an end to the myth of sets and reps,
because it only makes you old and frail.
