Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How To Make Your Workout More Effective Without Making It More Difficult
Monday • February 10th 2025 • 1:22:44 am

The world of fitness and bodybuilding is one and the same,
the only difference is that bodybuilders keep adding more and more weight.

You can easily do what they do, but you must first unmake a terrible mistake,
the mistake of thinking that lifting heavy for a few seconds does anything.

You got tricked, because in the beginning, doing anything other than sitting,
will give you muscles, this is why you got stuck, you never dit it right.

And that first time, even doing it wrong, will give you muscle,
that is how eager your body is to adapt, that is how easy it is.

---

The correct, and continuous way to grow muscle,
is to emphasize duration of your exercise over how heavy you lift.

You must start with the lightest of dumbbells, aiming for a one hour workout,
this initial training for a workout phase, looks exactly like aerobics.

Aerobics is the gateway to fitness and bodybuilding,
in this first training for a workout phase you must eliminate your rest gaps.

And this process is the same that joggers go through,
they don’t call it jogging until they can run their route non-stop.

---

And once you are able to cycle standing dumbbell exercises for a solid hour,
you then go to the next heavier weight, not by 5lb, but by 2 or 2.5lb.

You lift light, but not so light that you can lift more,
but no so much that you are forced to stop.

You must always lift to the beats of musing, one beat up, the next down,
as that puts you in a dance trance, that makes your workout nice and easy.

This is what it means that the duration of your exerciser must come first,
and how much you lift, though important, must always come second.

---

Eventually as you reach 7.5lb dumbbells, and 10 and 15lb,
your non-stop workout will stop looking like aerobics.

Heavier and heavier weights will slow you down,
but they will never, ever stop you.

By putting duration first, and protecting yourself from being forced to stop,
you are giving your body time to adapt, grow, and develop to your needs.
