Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Legacy And The Spire; A Note On The Importance Of Authentic Education
Monday • July 8th 2024 • 7:29:52 pm

Preface

I aim to remind you,
not to be tricked into not leaving a profound legacy.

One of your own making,
one that you earned by facing hard challenges in life.

So that not until it came to last of your days,
did you discover, that you didn't need to end, that you could transform.

Into voice,
and wisdom.

This is not about a childish fear of dying,
but honoring those who care about you.

Don't get tricked,
out of leaving a profound legacy.

---

I have unfinished business,
and I don't know where it starts or where it ends.

But I do know it is important,
it is a duty, I have.

I dare say,
it is a duty we each have.

---

Four strange evens led me here,
and here they a re in order.

Some strange mother, thought it would be cute,
to raise her young boy, now a man.

Believing that fairies were real,
and I heard him explain that they were stealing sugar in his house.

This made me very sad,
it upset me.

---

A congregation got bussed,
to wideness I was staying at.

And a Bonnie Lass thought to convert a lonesome heathen,
as he sat alone, away from humanity.

Our conversation ended, when she said,
in front of her significant other.

That her boyfriend may end up cheating on her,
but the god of the fantasy she was born into, never would.

---

Then two brothers raised buy a pastor mother,
got very upset when I told them the world was not ending.

The short one, he just needs to get a wife,
like she was some doll.

And the tall one, ended up hitting his head,
when I explained nuclear power is not evil.

The gold he wore around his neck,
came from the center of a second generation sun.

Whereas Earth life emerged,
to a third generation star, or sun.

---

And of course, there is my curse,
I failed all my classes.

Because I rejected,
pretending to learn by memorization.

I wanted to learn math, and the silences,
the way I learned programming.

And not a single teacher,
tried to stop him self from marking me down.

---

I call this my unfinished business,
Now with Mr. Dennett having passed away.

With Sir Ken Robinson and Mr Hitchens,
still breaking my heart.

I think we all have unfinished business,
and whether we will see a cure for aging in our lifetimes, or not.

Bears little consequence, on the body of work we are each...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...-

Tolerance of ineffective education, or intolerance of education,
is a terrible curse, that yet again, will yank humanity back centuries.

There once was a battle raging for clarity of thought,
but each time the attacker came close to losing, it assumed a more pleasing shape.

There is much more to the unbanning of De Revolutionibus,
than am ere call to celebration, of the progression of the zeitgeist.

It is a war strategy, in a war so petty, it is simply unbelievable,
a war about a little bit of coin from a great number of people kept in the dark.

---

We have come a full circle from the last century,
again facing a Nuclear War, well three actually.

What was once a deterrent, is now on the menu,
as it is better understood, somewhat cleaner in the minds of little men.

---

This is not the work of nations, or leaders,
or men of any greatness.

It is a symptom,
of the parasite of un-education,

The wish to win a war, to keep fighting is a noble one,
but it does not grant meaning to the war it self.

Because what is preventable today,
once it occurs out of ignorance, cannot have a meaning.

---

There is a large intellectual inheritance waiting for you at the library,
without which your thinking will not be as it should be.

All of the books worth your time, are free and well narrated,
each of those books, begs you, that you take a long relaxing vacation to properly hear it.

They ask NOTHING OF YOU,
they just want to give.

Like all the thoughts in your mind are connected,
so are your children to your ways.

The clearer your thinking,
the higher their start on the spire.

The shorter the journey to the top,
where they can add another layer to help others rise higher.

It is time to lay the shortcuts aside,
and accept the responsibility for a powerful body of knowledge.

Your life must not end on your last day,
that should be a new beginning to the new you.

The great legacy,
that you leave behind.

Do not just exit the world,
leave the best of you for those who will miss you in the shape of books.

Books you should narrate with your own voice,
so that yo are always there, when needed.

Therefore, grow, rise all the way up,
until you become a great being.

Laying down a path,
for others to begin, where you leave off.
