Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why Is The Teacher Being Mean To Me?
Sunday • August 29th 2021 • 7:17:39 pm

First of all let me just say,
that schools are for you, the teachers are meant to help you, and not punish or scare you.

You are all the Hope and Dreams, and the future of this world,
your school does not belong to the principal, or the teachers, or even the state, or the wealthy.

It is yours,
it is a gift from history's greatest philosophers.

If you have a friend,
let them keep you company as you go to the principal's office and learn to stand up for justice.

All the power that the principal is imbued with,
depends on the fact that you feel safe, that you are growing stronger, and that you are truly learning.

Tell the principal that changes need to be made,
and that you demand an unconditional, and honest apology.

Because it is not their paychecks,
but your education, that is the point of the school you are in.

Tell them that next time, you won't be so easily pacified, and you will demand that the is transferred early,
and each class begins showing real and practical results.

When you are done making promises to the principal,
begin learning to talk to the news.

Tell them that you think you are getting a fake education,
because nothing you are being taught shows any practical applications - and it does nothing to get you out of poverty.

Go to the Radio, TV station, and the still reputable newspapers, talk with whoever is there about the school being fake,
and the .

It is a mistake for you to assume that you are too young to make demands like this,
it is actually your youth that opens the door for you to be heard.

I have a theory as to what maybe driving your teacher to anger, to being unfair,
or even to , and it maybe a combination of poverty and indoctrination.

Even teachers that are very kind are blinded,
believing nonsense such as “we need grades to make the students work hard”.

To fully answer your question,
you have to understand how teachers and adults, and even teenagers, can have their minds clouded to act against their own and Humanity’s best interests.

Fundamentally, the teacher is confused because they lack answers,
they are scared, threatened by poverty, unable to get a good grasp on the meaning of education, and they have little grasp on the Human Condition.

Understand that growing up has nothing to do with ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...e them from the madness of poverty.

If the teachers interrupt your education,
tell them them to stand aside because the school is for you.

If they try to force you by threatening you with failing grades, or repeating classes,
tell them that, .

Don’t participate in fake education,
don’t pretend to learn by memorization, that only helps the leaches and hurts you across your entire lifetime.

“In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.”

Don’t drop out,
you have to help the others.

The years ahead of you have been set aside for you to learn,
but do not go to school assuming that what happens there will teach you anything.

Above all,
don’t be alone.

Go to school, to help others understand what is going on,
help the students with bad grades to understand they aren’t stupid.

Tell them missing some prerequisites,
does not make a person stupid.

And that the fact that they didn’t realize that everyone was just memorizing,
actually makes them more beautiful.

And then help them,
help them to Narrated Books at the library.

If you can afford it,
get them a little mp3 player with Bill Bryson's A Short History Of Nearly Everything.

Just imagine them sitting in the back,
smiling and actually learning for real from Bryson - while the teacher is mindlessly babbling something,

And then begin building,
begin building an A-Team, The League Of Extraordinary Ladies And Gentlemen, The Justice League.

Bound by knowledge from the worlds most powerful narrated books,
equipped with Maker spaces, Hacker spaces, and Fab Labs, that get a kid to go from poverty to selling online with little more than a 3D printer and some Open Source Software.

Find a way to build real schools, to save the tigers, to teach the world about all the wrong doings, and how it all leads to poverty and war.

Help your crew become Real Teachers, Powerful Artists, Heartbreaking Orators, Hackers, Makers, Polymaths, Authentic Leaders, and Great Beings fueled by Great Wisdom and Vast Knowledge.

Make it so that when our generation comes to an end,
yours will bring on a lasting global culture of Restraint, Dignity, Nobility, Unbreakability, Fortitude, Courage, Honor, Love;
and Insight; and Foresight; and Understanding; and Authenticity; and Great Heroism.