Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Laundromat; Or, My Tutelage, Hermitage And Quest Towards Writing
Tuesday • May 7th 2024 • 12:51:06 am

The wrinkled old man I briefly spoke to,
slammed the door, and left.

He accused me of stealing jobs,
because I told him I am from far away.

And it occurred to me,
that one can either be stupid, or mean.

Because both,
just comes across as comedy.

---

I don’t remember,
what the timer on the washing machine said.

But, I sat there forever,
long enough to comprehend what that place was.

It was an in-between place,
brutal, arrogant, but welcoming.

---

From here,
you either notice…

That after weeks at the woods,
your hands are stained with pine, and dirt.

Or, you try to remember,
how long it was for Mr. Crusoe.

28 years, he was out there,
for 28 years.

Joshua Slocum, took three years,
to circumnavigate earth.

Thoreau’s Hermitage,
was Two years and two months.

Alexander Supertramp,
traveled for two years or so.

---

There was no going back for any of us,
every day was simply brighter.

While, I desperate needed my books,
it was not a Tutelage,

It was a Hermitage,
something compatible with being a cast away.

Which is what you get,
when you reject following orders – fair enough.

Having watched my bullies all those years,
I rejected everything, that is shallow.

My English teacher,
called me a bad penny.

She kept throwing me away,
and I kept coming back.

But getting off the ground,
was my greatest achievement.

I watched my bullies line up,
they thought it was a game.

---

I put on my headphones,
Christoper Hitchens was speaking.

I love the Four Horsemen conversation,
the content is massively simplified.

On purpose, to make it easy to grasp,
and approachable.

But content, is not everything,
the surrounding class is the other half.

---

I noticed movement in a secret little room,
it was the owner, no doubt.

They were ecstatic with all the new quarters,
they gathered that morning.

I imagined them examining each quarter,
with a magnifying glass.

Searching for something,
that only makes sense to them.

Whilst making,
happy little noises.

Then my drier finally paused,
and dramatically beeped.

I was done,
that was all the cleaning I needed.

Spotless,
no wrinkles.

---

I took off the headphones,
a real American Philosopher was speaking.

The content wonderful,
but I cared for the class.

The way now late Mr....

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...  "No, Ms.
Smith, I didn't show my work.  I did it in my head..."
Damn kid.  Probably copied it.  They're all alike.

I made a discovery today.  I found a computer.  Wait a second, this is
cool.  It does what I want it to.  If it makes a mistake, it's because I
screwed it up.  Not because it doesn't like me...
Or feels threatened by me...
Or thinks I'm a smart ass...
Or doesn't like teaching and shouldn't be here...
Damn kid.  All he does is play games.  They're all alike.

And then it happened... a door opened to a world... rushing through
the phone line like heroin through an addict's veins, an electronic pulse is
sent out, a refuge from the day-to-day incompetencies is sought... a board is
found.
"This is it... this is where I belong..."
I know everyone here... even if I've never met them, never talked to
them, may never hear from them again... I know you all...
Damn kid.  Tying up the phone line again.  They're all alike...

You bet your ass we're all alike... we've been spoon-fed baby food at
school when we hungered for steak... the bits of meat that you did let slip
through were pre-chewed and tasteless.  We've been dominated by sadists, or
ignored by the apathetic.  The few that had something to teach found us will-
ing pupils, but those few are like drops of water in the desert.

This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch, the
beauty of the baud.  We make use of a service already existing without paying
for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't run by profiteering gluttons, and
you call us criminals.  We explore... and you call us criminals.  We seek
after knowledge... and you call us criminals.  We exist without skin color,
without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals.
You build atomic bombs, you wage wars, you murder, cheat, and lie to us
and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals.

Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity.  My crime is
that of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like.
My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never forgive me
for.

I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.  You may stop this individual,
but you can't stop us all... after all, we're all alike.
