Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don’t Worry Your World Does Not End Until Your Culture Is Sideloaded And Education Is Ineffective
Monday • November 10th 2025 • 10:07:32 pm

Think of your Education and Culture as a language,
if you don’t speak it, protect it, and pass it on, it will go extinct.

Side loaded cultures such as Religion, Slavery, Forced Political Systems,
to sample across human history, are not evolved, they are designed.

The difference between an evolved culture,
and manually crafted culture.

Is the same as the pet you get for Christmas,
and the pet abomination you try to make yourself.

An evolved culture is finely tuned though life, love, wisdom, rising,
a made up culture is an abomination.

A divine leader fantasy that cannot help but to deteriorate into atrocities,
slavery, war, and all the horrible things that make-believe leaders always do.

Our real culture, hit about seven heights, heroes, philosophers, noble knights,
the Lady and the Gentleman, and the Artists, Intellectuals and Scientists.

Each one develops from the previous, it is an evolution,
though as evolutions go, not as direct as I make it out to be.

Likewise, our education is not as separate from culture as it seems,
*until* it comes to its standardization and collapse.

You can easily see side loaded cults, religions, or even internet nonsense,
as being separate from ineffective education today.

Perhaps we can think of it as, an emergent divide and conquer,
the un-fraying of our beautiful humanity.

This path of good intention that ruined our genius and authentic education,
will lead an uneducated humanity through, weak cultures into endless ends.

---

The so called leaders, along the way will tell their yes men,
“Look how uneducated they are, they failed their many cultures.”

“Behold, how they need us”,
“how they need a strong leader like me”.

We must ensure “My son must be elected after me”,
which is not how election works.

---

What do they want? Same thing teenage boys want,
when they fantasize to own an expensive super car.

They want recognition, status, power, uniqueness,
followers, boot lickers and ass kissers.

They want to destroy the soul of an inters,
as their shitty wives forgive them.

They want to squeeze communities so hard with poverty,
that they can give speeches about bringing super-predators to heel.

They want your children to die in prison,
for throwing a disgusti...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... their madness, your leaders want childish things.

---

What do you want when you send your children to ineffective schools,
what do you want when you wallow in a paradise after death fantasy.

What do you really want, for continuing to ask to have your sins forgiven,
because what you get as you lay in bed, is news about your grand kids.

That in your last day, show you,
you got what you deserved.

---

Every day is a new day, and tomorrow morning, as any morning,
you can make a choice to help your children grow.

Help them reconnect with the culture of heroes, philosophers, noble knights,
the Lady and the Gentleman, and the Artists, Intellectuals and Scientists.

You can by them a wall projector for their computer, where for a few days,
they will paint hyper realism in shades of umber that they glaze with color.

You can help them see how Socrates already 2,400 yeas ago represented,
breaking out of control, that offended the state.

And had to be killed by the hands of infantile people,
who wanted nothing more than their naughty idiocracy.

You have to help your children to genius,
and the culture to greatness.

Do not say that they will find peace in the church,
tell them that to grow up means to grow all they way up.

Until in their authentic genius,
they become great beings.

You are not poor, you are not dumb,
you have not been born a sinner in want of paradise.

Child, respect the true human culture,
the culture of authentic learning and resulting greatness.

Take no part in the destruction of this world,
there cannot be a paradise greater than your days, here.

Rise,
rise.

---

I met a traveller from an antique land,
Who said—“Two vast and trunkless legs of stone
Stand in the desert. . . . Near them, on the sand,
Half sunk a shattered visage lies, whose frown,
And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command,
Tell that its sculptor well those passions read
Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things,
The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed;
And on the pedestal, these words appear:
My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings;
Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!"
Nothing beside remains. Round the decay
Of that colossal Wreck, boundless and bare
The lone and level sands stretch far away.
