Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The True Gift
Wednesday • November 6th 2024 • 11:46:34 pm

Become a wise rebel, and step over,
all the word's trouble.

Either way education is something you must do,
only you can learn.

To give someone,
the control of your knowledge.

In a generation or two,
it becomes about your control.

And you being a cog,
in a machine.

A machine for making,
other people’s lives more convenient.

The control over the body of your knowledge,
must never be given away.

It is a scared thing,
that you always keep safe.

You study Philosophers,
you learn from Science Popularizers.

And inherit your culture from,
the ideal of Knights…

Gentle Ladies And Gentlemen,
Intellectuals, Authentic Leaders, and Noble Scientists.

---

The word gentle is from middle English,
is means a person ennobled by their deeds.

Other words for it are Authenticity,
Courage, Valor, Unbrekability, Wisdom, and Clarity.

And an in intellectual is a person - who builds,
their creations are rooted in their own ideas.

---

A wise scientist is a grown intellectual,
but it is not a great example.

Because of al the fake education hoops,
you have to jump.

That really harms your Authenticity,
programming ismore accessible.

It is just AI, and Video & Text,
programming tutorials.

If something stands between you and your rise,
it is not a path worthy of you.

It means it has been infected,
by liars and opportunists.

To plow your way through,
you must become a master of your science, first.

When you learn first, and hoop jump second,
you are often seen as a gifted genius.

Learn first, advance later,
it is as simple as that.

And the only way to learn.
Is to pursue your won curiosities.

It will be something small,
often a pleasure from creating things.

But as you learn,
it becomes a dust devil of ideas.

You learn more and more,
and revisit your curiosities with more ability.

Revisiting curiosities is a human trait,
our minds swirl around what we like.

Then the dust becomes a tornado,
and you a force of knowledge.

---

The ultimate aim,
is to grow all the way up.

Which is just a way of saying,
to become one of the Great Beings.

It is not about any fame,
but about giving others ideas for their rise.

Becoming gifted is just a step in your journey,
like becoming a philosopher, an athlete maybe,

The big picture is about growing all the way up,
by inheriting knowledge and culture form wise beings.

And eventually rising,
to become a Great Being.

Evey great being brings something profound,
to the Culture of HUman Kind.

It takes a lifetime,
and is often called a regacy.

But it is really just profound wisdom,
wrapped in a delivery mechanism.

Your true gift,
is the most meanigful expression of you.

Your knowledge and curiosity toranto,
that captures you as a force of nature.

With your life, your adventures and stories,
surrounding it.

To be understood, so that others may learn,
meas to show you were, with how you rose.
