Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Evenings At Nordhouse: Adventures At The Edge Of The Universe
Tuesday • March 16th 2021 • 9:23:55 pm

We are each a unique creature,

so what I felt won't be what you will feel when you are there.

But there are some things

that may be similar.

There are more than 218 moons in our solar system,

each one is an edge, just like the beach at Nordhouse is an edge.

It is really,

just about the same place, gravity doesn't matter much since you are elated anyway.

You are royalty,

out on your very own Moon.

It is important that you have paper an pen,

make sure your notes resist getting wet, test it, things can get wet out there.

The journal, is for a single compound sentence type things,

it is good to write it down.

Though you can't possibly forget it,

but if you did, the thought would come back to you.

The journal is so that you can scribble a big thought,

and move on to the bigger one.

Some example observations maybe...

"Schools are not teaching, tests aren't testing knowledge,

diplomas are bunk, colleges are a business, and the whole thing is a scam."

"Uneducated voters are easily swayed by all the things that uneducated,

have always showed to be passionate about, racism, nationalism, hate, and us vs. them logic."

"Military targets young boys, because it is easy, because they are easily impressed,

they don't know enough about the world nor will they know war until it is too late;

fathers are sending their children to kill each other in wars about thing that they ruined."

"The Thirteenth Amendment of United States, may force those who participate in Jury Duty,

into participating in slavery, as a slaver."

"Criminal who are fractured by the bony hands of poverty,

are not themselves, they are they are victimized by poverty and the denial of even the most basic human rights."

"The unforgivable by the desperate act of bankruptcy, College Debt,

alters the meaning of money, a meaning already eroded by the worst of human ideas,

unforgivable debt makes what is owed void, and invalid, it is just a sick version of money that isn't real."

"Government paying colleges for student debt, to save the students from it, is a temporary fix;

asking why colleges charge so much money, is not even the right question,

"Do colleges teach?", is the correct question."

"Poverty and Lack of Education, has brought progress down ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...s exactly what you should expect to find, out on the edge.

You are now part of the universe,

might as well be camping on a distant moon.

Make sure that flash floods won't wash away any of your gear,

and find a spot where it is safe when a great storm comes.

Check for trees that are about to fall, and keep away from those,

if you can't find a good spot, then know of a safe spot where you can move on a rainy day.

A great storm, is terrifying,

but it is also a great honor.

Every other Adventurer and Creature of Renaissance before you,

had to endure storms just as big, plan ahead, enjoy the fragrance of the woods.

I curled up in my sleeping bag,

put on my headphones and started playing .

I didn't wait for the storm to pass,

the headphones were enough to dull the thunder.

I fell asleep to the storm,

it wasn't that uncomfortable.

In the morning everything seemed greener,

I think there were deer by the lake.

It was chilly, but just as soon as the sun comes out from behind the ancient dune, things will warm up,

and you can take a walk to a sunny spot.

One time I saw a storm on the horizon,

it looked beautiful, but I got scared, it didn't even occur to me that it was probably too far, there were no clouds overhead.

My plan was to back up and run for the , which I did and I just slept there in my little tent,

even though the storm did not come.

I was sure it would, because I think, I am pretty sure, maybe, the grass had a very faint bluish outline,

which seemed to me like static electricity and a sign of trouble.

It looked very beautiful,

it looked very magical.

But with a storm flashing out on the horizon,

I wasn't taking any chances, , on top of a little dune with a larger camping spot right behind it.

If I was lightening,

that was the spot I would hit first, so. I. moved.

In the morning I had the pleasure of looking for a new spot,

and I found one, that reminded me of a top of a volcano.

I spent many days there daydreaming, and listening to books,

I had a paper copy of Robinson Cruse and I lazily read that too.

I didn't really pack up and drive away,

I went to the other parking site on Forest Trail, I slept at the State Park again.

I only packed up to leave,

when leaving was all that was left.