Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thrice Or Quince, Because You Are More Than Just A Human
Wednesday • September 27th 2023 • 10:26:00 pm

The universe emerged physics and chemistry,
but you are luck, a very lucky combination of events.

That was able to hitch a ride,
on the strange kind of programming we call evolution.

Just then, right at the end, where we are at now,
there was another kind of emergence.

It was the emergence of profound consciousness,
in biological systems.

First physics and chemistry, then biology,
and then something so much more, consciousness.

I don’t think the word luck,
does justice here, but that is what it is.

Not accident,
but chance.

Before thinking of yourself as human,
understand that you are a Creature Of The Universe.

A consciousness that emerged,
out of a biological system.

The reason why you think,
that this is too much luck.

Is because you don’t know,
how many ongoing permutations there are.

And you certainly could never image the number,
of the failures, to emerge.

The failures,
to hitch a ride on evolution.

And the failures of a system to become sufficiently complex,
to by permutation alone, become fully conscious of it self.

---

To think of yourself as only human,
is unfair.

You are a cosmic entity,
an believably lucky cosmic entity.

---

We are not perfect, for one,
our minds have no protection against indoctrination.

We are all to easily mislead,
or tricked.

---

To give a short example, family or cultural beliefs,
depend on, to whom you are born.

---

So if you were born a world away,
thrice, or quince…

To atheists, to religious, to poor, or rich,
to a wildly creative family, or a mechanical engineer.

All the beliefs that would shift,
are not as important or true as you have been led to believe.

Likewise, the beliefs, that didn’t shift,
are far more important, than you imagined.

---

But for what we lack in perfection,
we make up, with our ability to imagine, study, rise, and learn.

---

This is why real education is not optional,
and no, ineffective education, or standardized education, is not enough.

There is an enormous intellectual inheritance,
awaiting your decision to begin listening to narrated books from the library.

Countless many philosophers,
who solved countless many problems.

Who want you, not to repeat their mistakes,
but to resume where they left off.

Let me say it, loud and clear,
you don’t know enough to blindly run head first into un-examined life.

You don’t know how long life is, you don’t know who and what you are,
you are not sure what existence is for, and have no grasp how fleeting time is.

What if you were to find out, to waiting for Wednesday to make the week pass by,
will do you better, and deliver you directly into the final day of your life.

Will the elder you, be happy that they had a career,
or worried that they might not have ever lived at all.

They might have lived the life of the human,
but what about the emergent cosmic entity.

Because we are more than just human,
we are an impossible and unbelievable consciousness.

Who, in all eternity of time,
is only ever going to exist once.

---

Take to narrated non-fiction books written by clear thinking great beings,
who left a wise, positive, and lasting intellectual legacy.

And accept your intellectual inheritance,
in the tens of thousands of books…

That only hope to spare you mistakes,
and prevent you from getting stuck part way…

Up some corner, of an obscure un-thought-out legacy,
that no enlightened minds of the future will follow.

Read the books that want to help you grow all the way up,
and become a great being, so that others may start, where you will leave off.

You are more than a human,
you must rise above the common levels of life.

So that not until you comes to pass,
you realize you never lived at all.
