Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Advice For Growing Up: Don’t Let Adults Make You Bored
Thursday • January 30th 2025 • 1:19:01 am

Above all, and you are not going to like this,
you have to become a great being in life.

Everything you do will have to be,
Grand, Noble, Dignified, and Genius.

And where you fail, you will have to rise,
by putting in that much more effort.

While you can quickly understand,
that the choices you make dictate the life ahead of you.

What will be hard to understand,
is that you have an intellectual inheritance waiting for you.

It is an emergency, you are getting bored,
because you did not hear your books.

Mostly they are just the life changing top sellers,
published since the day you were born.

You can see how listening and perhaps even more importantly,
re-listening to them, will help you get a grasp on the world.

Roughly, you nee to listen to a hundred books,
as fast as you can, a book a day, again this is an emergency.

Adventure books, science popularizer books,
and books about history of philosophy are the big ones.

But fiction is often life changing as well,
I loved listening to Twilight while jogging at night.

I always saw the sparkling vampires as poetry,
a mix of allegories, the books were awesome.

But, I think the most memorable ones are the adventure books,
I will never touch a freaking jelly fish in my life.

And probably just smack,
the next mountain climber I meet – what the heck are they thinking.

---

Again, I just want to explain,
that boredom coms from lack of wise and books.

And books are almost 99% of the way out,
they help you inherit the wisdom from other people’s lives.

Please, just go to the library,
and start with the narrated or audio-books that fascinate you the most first.

---

But that final 1% is where it gets interesting,
and the way I present it is super weird, sorted by complexity.

One, you need to get walking,
learn survival skills, start hiking, and camping.

At the very least, you need to spend two months of every year,
in the freaking woods – your work-or-city-life year should only last 10 months.

Actual life balance requires six months of adventuring,
without it you just become a burned out adult.

---

Once you got the walking down, you begin lifting,
we have to be athletes.

We are animals, or in animal bodies,
and that means we need a balanced musculature and plenty of activity.

Bodybuilding, if you are curious, is just aerobics,
with progressively heavier weights.

You always keep moving for an hour or more,
but whenever you adapt, you add more dumbbell weight.

It is the duration that build muscle,
the weight comes second.

But you must never sit, and always aim to dance,
you need to twist and turn, that how we stay fit.

---

And you are not going to believe what is number three,
this is going to sound super crazy.

You need a used wall projector, or office projector,
I got mine for $10 or $15 dollars.

And then you project it on large canvas of board,
and become a painter.

Start with animal portraits,
and then move on to people.

Learn how to mix paint, take a long time,
take mixing seriously, because it makes art beautiful.

So at first, use shades of brown,
which is the painting equivalent of black and white.

And don’t call it studying tone,
call it art.

And then very gently apply transparent paint,
to give your tone a gentle hint of color.

If you don’t approach color with respect,
it will destroy you.

---

And now, that you become well read,
go on adventures, live a healthy life.

You need a plan for the future,
don’t listen too much to advice.

Becoming a Lawyer just became a very bad idea,
because of artificial intelligence.

It is more powerful than people allow themselves to think,
and it is learning on its own with predictions of become self aware in few years.

The meta career, that is above all other careers,
is programming.

I always present it as one of the things that a person can choose,
but, it is actually the only thing.

What is even more amazing,
is that AI can help you figure things out real quick.

Learn programming and then go to school to study art and programming,
this way you win your battles before meeting the enemy, so to speak.

---

Use your brain, feet, muscle, eyes, and finally genius,
you see, there is no time to get bored in life.

Your ultimate aim os to grow all the way up,
and become a great being.
