Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Systems Of Thought
Thursday • October 7th 2021 • 10:40:35 pm

Somehow wisdom got replaced with Movies, Drama, and Music,
Local Culture, Family Culture, and School.

We may see strong personalities,
but there is little coherence here.

We witness,
contradictions, limitations.

Humanity's aim is to converge on Wisdom,
leaving all the bad ideas behind.

If you get yelled at, controlled,
or punched by a bully, you don't punch back, or get mad.

You push it all away, ,
, .

Study knowledge, make your way towards wisdom,
and know that the meaning of life is found in Greatness.

The world has problems,
our guardians are busy, and the true leaders of the world are the world-and-life changing intellectuals we find in books.

No one Honest and Authentic will come to you,
you have to reach out for your first 1,000 narrated books.

You have to lay to rest the contradictions,
inherit the wisdom, and continue searching for more.

When you graduate higher,
the books that were once confusing will begin making sense.

The books you read or listened to early on,
will reveal new treasure as you grow in wisdom and age.

The more wisdom you contain,
the greater your power.

If you waste time doing worthless homework or watching nonsense,
you will delay your growing up.

To jump on the right path as fast as possible,
get .

In your adult life don't forget about the , , and ,
as they can restore you, and remind you of your Wisdom and Greatness.

Begin making room in your life,
for yourself.

Do less of the things that produce no meaningful results in context of life,
and do more of the things that are profound, precious, and unbelievable.

You have a mind as powerful as it gets,
and you are a genius, but that is just the first step.

It is better that nobody is forcing you to think,
and instead you need to put some effort to switch from meaningless to meaningful.

It is a great adventure, just slowly discover the things that create results,
do not just believe that a diploma will get you a job, but build your way towards greatness.

Schools are not working, careers are harmful to our minds,
listen to your first thousand narrated books as soon as possible.

This is the best and most meaningful,
updated and refined knowledge that has been taken from you.

The most profound of modern intellectuals,
are trying to reach as many as they can with their works so that Humanity can grow in Peace and Wisdom.

Find your first thousand books,
and inherit the knowledge of a thousand unique lifetimes.