Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The New Wonder Of The World
Wednesday • June 9th 2021 • 6:29:28 pm

What we need to talk about,

is Art.

Somehow,

in all this incredible complexity of our Universe...

A set of lectures by a magnificent teacher,

will always beat the snot out of the best AI.

---

That is why I say that our Life and Mind,

should be a Masterpiece, that it is a work of art.

The best lessons, that teach us the most,

must be crafted by an artist.

A powerful, knowledgeable, wise, and inspirational teacher,

someone that knows the weaknesses, and loves to help.

---

There is one itsy-bitsy little bit, that is highly computerized,

and that is the path that students take through the lectures.

See not everyone is interested in all the things the lecture holds,

so a set of lectures has to be flexible, and that means computerized.

And this is great, because it means the teacher gives the lecture once,

and then it becomes infinitely re-playable, by an infinite number of students.

---

But please note that this is the simplest lecture model,

it is best used for teachers that are deeply connected to their lecture.

Single-teacher lectures,

are primary for the purpose of honoring the teachers and their art of teaching.

---

The standard lecture format,

is very similar to a wikipedia category.

There are many students,

continuously improving the various lectures in the set.

And let me just say that they are all volunteers,

money-making or hoarding has no place in education.

School and Knowledge is meant to be free,

otherwise it is just fraud, perpetrated on the future generations.

---

It is more than volunteers,

and quality of the lectures.

It is also the usefulness,

and the clarity.

---

Today, when a student does not understand mathematics,

they are encouraged and forced to pretend to understand it by memorization, by acting.

The force is pretty formidable,

they will be punished with grades, that will destroy their GPA, and in some cases sent to prison, the prison of repeating a year.

The future generations will never forgive us for this,

I don't event want to tell you what they will think of us.

---

In a real school, when actually learning for real,

getting snagged on something is no different then discovering something uniquely interesting about a subject.

Not understanding something very well,

and ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ce that your generation will begin work on,

will be hailed as one of the greatest achievements of human kind, it will be seen as the New Wonder Of The World.

---

The way towards Wold Peace, and Unity,

is always near, but it requires collective courage.

It requires that you stop memorizing,

and stand up for your generation, and the future of this world,

that you [stand up for real education](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M4tdMsg3ts).

---

Personal Note,

If I,

may.

Walk up to the students being punished,

and let them know you memorized and don't understand it either.

Help them understand that they are not stupid,

it is just that school is broken.

You don't have to become their friend,

just save them from the toxicity of stress, that can often destroy a mind by pushing them off-course into self medication, with food or alcohol, or worse.

Make sure that the students in the back know,

that there is nothing wrong with them.

Most of the time they are scared of becoming homeless,

which is exactly what the bully will drive them into.

Let them know that they don't have to be scared,

and it is actually kind of good that they are already upset at the dog an pony show.

As ultimately, all the A student will find that their work life ended up becoming toxic,

and that why they really needed was to work for themselves, where they could take better care of their mental health.

Just tell all the students being punished

to begin practicing to [build their own company](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoqgAy3h4OM), by building dozens of little ones to help them understand how to do it right.

It is what everyone will want,

eventually.

---

I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately,

to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die,

discover that I had not lived.

I did not wish to live what was not life,

living is so dear;

nor did I wish to practise resignation, unless it was quite necessary.

I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life,

to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life,

to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner, and reduce it to its lowest terms...

\-- Henry
