Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding For Shy Girls
Sunday • September 29th 2024 • 9:44:47 pm

The universe had it so that you've been born a silent warrior,
it is within you to live two to three steps ahead and counter what things may come.

Confidence is not real, it could never result,
from ignorance, or carelessness, or blindness

It is courage child, courage an authenticity, the stuff of warriors,
and that can only ensue from your greatness and by extension great wisdom.

Therefore, learn to take small safe adventures,
and always with wise narrated books playing in your ear.

A great deal behind your caution comes from the demand for obedience,
and pressure to believe that the mediocrity before you is to be accepted.

Wouldn't that be nice, for a jackass, alas quite to the contrary child,
you must vehemently reject mediocrity as it the the blight that holds the world down.

Do not follow, do not follow,
make your own way, the healthy way.

---

Shy is beautiful, that is why this poem is not entitled:
"how to break through your shyness with a gym membership".

To destroy shyness is to destroy beauty,
and consequences of such a foolishness can never be undone.

It is the people who are forward and or blind,
that have a problem, there is everything right with you.

Your heart is that of a lion,
with shyness comes courage and authenticity.

And each of your days will count so,
that you will live an eternity.

But this poem is about bodybuilding,
an you using some of those days.

To get so buff as to scare all those,
who merely feign their confidence.


---

Your biggest weapon is building muscle,
by proving it to every gym bro, that they are wrong.

Your second and third, are dance trance,
which you achieve by lifting dumbbells to music.

And you only need the dumbbells,
use gloves and zero drop shoes to avoid unnecessary aches.

And the way you dress, and just so you know,
I wear a tail to the gym in September and October.

My shyness completely fades away,
and I can focus no problem.

But you should dress to kill,
you must never hide, and always celebrate.

Celebrate your youth, or golden age,
celebrate life, and all good things in it.

---

Remember,
hiding is a kind of compromise.

And it is only evil that will benefit,
from compromise between good and evil

Don’t let people scare you,
grow, roar, and purr angrily.

Make them fe...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...too.

---

Dance trance is not optional,
you have to make sure you have slow songs too.

Too fast means you will have to put the weights down,
but you want to go for entire minutes.

When you run out of energy, for which you have to be skinny,
eat peanuts and dried fruit.

Bodybuilding is an endurance sport,
it is cross country running with dumbbells.

And most importantly, always checking,
if you are ready to go by 2.5 pounds higher without aches.

It is that constant increase,
of a tiny bit of seemingly imperceptible weight.

That will have your body,
constantly trying to adapt to the challenge.

---

You must use your muscles, not too slow,
and no swinging of bumbles on your joints.

You muscle must contract and relax,
whimpering to your body, she may not be shy anymore.

---

Aside from beings seen, and being brilliant and fearless,
bodybuilding is about being forever young and healthy.

And before you wonder,
bodybuilding is for skinny and large.

Skinny will get well defined muscles
those who have fat will show large.

Fat is constantly supplying them with energy,
and childhood obesity builds huge muscle in babies.

Obesity is deadly, but fat is pounds,
and pounds build muscle.

Bodybuilding is a sport,
where body types become beautiful.

---

Your shyness, is a superpower,
it predisposes you to become a philosopher.

And a great adventurer,
where adventures seem tiny to others.

Like a trip to the beach or an antique book store,
but are great for you.

---

If you wait to long and end up in your middle age,
remember that Bodybuilding makes you young again.

But if you wait until your middle age,
you must wear a tail to the gym.

You waited too long to toughen up,
you must now wear a cute fluffy tail – it is the law.

---

And if you still need an aim,
that is because you are being called.

Western States 100 Endurance Race,
The Appalachian, Pacific Crest, and Continental Divide, are calling.

One of your duties in life is to grow all the way up,
and become a Great Being.

The road you take there,
is your own.

So as long as you understand,
that there is a precious intellectual inheritance waiting for you.

In the shape of all the world's most beautiful; narrated books,
written by clear thinking non-religious leaders and philosophers.
