Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Propaganda Poster Challenge: Or, All You Need For Your First Art Show, And Then Some
Tuesday • February 1st 2022 • 3:03:44 pm

An Art Show is a few days,
of where you make your art speak.

You can make it yell,
you can make it whisper.

You can make it relevant,
or it can be totally retro.

Please, understand,
being shy is beautiful.

And you will be beautiful,
for being shy.

There is no such a thing,
as a bad art show.

I will stress,
that everything needs to go into your portfolio.

I hate to say it, while this is not completely true, even your elder-self agrees:
"If it is not in your portfolio it didn't happen.".

So take all the pictures,
put them in neatly organized directories and back them up into multiple cloud services.

Make sure that once your hard drive dies, and it happens every few years,
nothing will be lost, other than a few minutes of your time as you replace it.

,
is a nice example of what your website should contain.

But do keep the JavaScript to minimum,
and setup https, at the time of writing GitHub Pages seem a OK.

My first art-show took 12 hours to setup,
and that included painting all the art.

I used a projector,
canvas paper, couple of canvas, I did not use frames.

I just hung everything up at a coffeehouse,
and took it down a week or two later.

Though I didn't intend to sell anything,
I had one sale.

It frightened me,
because people that pay for my art seem suspicious.

I had labels describing the meaning of my art,
I wanted to share the meaning.

Previously, I invented (or probably independently invented)
a new kind of Art Form, I called it Content Art.

It means that there is a lot of content in the piece,
diagrams, mind maps, poems, and little codes that you can scan to go to websites.

Life got busy and I never had a Content Art show,
it evolved in a Symbolic Language that I would like to use in an educational setting.

Basically students have to create concept maps that help them through a game,
that consists of rooms, libraries, worlds - it is a school that teacher for real.

Every concept map is a mini game,
that unlocks doors and futures.

In that way, I guess,
I am yet to have that art show.

What I have here for you,
is also a challenge.

I am challenging you top create a series of Minimalist Content Art pieces,
for your first extremely outrageous, on topic, and if you want to to be Guerrilla...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...t you to see that Art is a superpower.

I want you to witness, your posters, altering people,
inspiring them, helping them rise, snapping them out of their slumber.

In conclusion, to this imperfect list,
art shows are a very precious thing.

And they are meant to be protected,
never ever, ever, if you can help it, should you ever look back and say - last time I had an art show was 30 years ago.

You have to be MINDFUL,
that each art show must be followed by the next, and you have to keep that promise.

You Art Portfolio, will absolutely become a family heirloom,
certainly it will be a website, but perhaps it will be a book sold in stores, or a journal you are attached to as well.

In your lifetime, it MUST be a reminder to continue exhibiting new shows and ideas,
and beyond it will be a connection to who you were.

I write this in the 2020's by the 50's we may see the first cheap version of a global universal income program,
aimed at prevention of mass immigration, animal slaughter, destroying the remainder of the amazon forest.

And by the 90's we may actually have a prevention program,
that is worthy of Humanity, that will be enough for us to take to real education.

If you make your art hint on School Improvements, And Real Education,
Authenticity And Honesty especially in Politics...

And about the thing that actually solves Climate Change and Loss Of Species,
the Universal Income Card that helps people retain their Dignity and Health,

and creates room for their natural yearning
of Knowledge and Wisdom...

You will be remembered with smiles, and admiration,
with appreciation.

And a hundred years from now,
people will still look back at you, and wish they could talk to you, and be your friend, and be around you.

That is what all art is for, no matter what type,
art is for creating a bookmark in the History of Human Kind.

A bookmark that curious people can turn to,
and entertain their curiosities whilst conjuring up your spirit sometimes across centuries.

Humanity will be around for a long time,
and people will be fascinated with 2000's there will be many-a-meme from the stuff we uploaded.

I am certain that Pop Surrealism, propaganda posters included,
will become the biggest thing since the Renascence.