Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The World And Peace
Wednesday • December 21st 2022 • 7:12:29 pm

“But we were born of risen apes, not fallen angels, and the apes were armed killers besides.

And so what shall we wonder at? Our murders and massacres and missiles,
and our irreconcilable regiments?

Or our treaties whatever they may be worth;
our symphonies however seldom they may be played;
our peaceful acres, however frequently they may be converted into battlefields;
our dreams however rarely they may be accomplished.

The miracle of man is not how far he has sunk but how magnificently he has risen.

We are known among the stars by our poems, not our corpses.”

-- Robert Ardrey

Preface

What yo are about to hear, is a complete fabrication, pure conjecture,
it stands here, to prevent you from being scared of the large politics of the world.

It stands here,
asking you to become a Great Being.

By means of self education, authenticity and dignity,
inheritance of wisdom from countless well narrated books describing meaningful lives.

By filling your mind with such genius,
that it will be you, who in greatness, does create a work that will explain the world correctly.


Part One: Criminal Minds

One of the most frightening things are criminals,
who are they, and how can they be so different from us?

They are children, who have been betrayed by adults,
perfectly capable human beings, but raised with a vocabulary of violence.

The way to understand this, is to look at the behavior of un-contacted tribes,
insight into the criminal mind, will be one of their lasting gifts to us.

---

Approaching a warrior of an un-contacted tribe,
is likely to result in bodily injury, or worse.

Their vocabulary, is not a vocabulary of violence, it is far better than that,
a warrior is a powerful, wise and noble creature.

And yet, by out definition, their behavior is criminal,
and the best thing we can do, is not to interact.

---

Now, poverty, hunger, homelessness, beatings, shame, drugs, alcohol, hate,
prison, all adds up to create a boy who is like a warrior of an un-contacted tribe.

But here, he has been betrayed by the modern world,
and if his vocabulary wasn’t a vocabulary of violence, he would have long died in the streets.

Both the warrior of an uncontaminated tribe,
and the boy that we have betrayed and abandoned to the streets are deadly.

While ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...tly, poor people are not stupid…

They saw it coming,
and they saw us looking away, from all the harm that was being done to them.

This kind of a nation will suffer the worst economic disasters,
not just from freak events like pandemics…

Just the chaos of the criminal misery that they created,
is enough to cause an economic failure.

And that, is the stale mate, and it is born of incompetence,
and that is where war begins.

What seems to us as madness,
is to a warped government, a way to reboot the economy.

---

Epilogue

Every move you make in life, magnified by all the other motions,
has consequence, the butterfly effect is real.

By blindly accepting high school for what it is,
just doing your homework, and following your stupid friends.

You don’t create a war, but you feed the random noise,
from which it can emerge.

To borrow from Gibson,
you become a gray dot on a TV screen tuned to a dead channel.

By doing nothing, you empower those,
who do evil by taking advantage of indifference.

Rise,
rise.

Not to project mayhem,
which only reveal stupidity and laziness.

But to Project Humanity,
and World Peace.

---

It is a simple task,
use World Poverty to erase it self.

Create a school, that functions like a computer game,
you can’t pass a level, until you are really good at it.

Find large corporations willing to bet against the Nuclear War,
that will put them out of business.

And put an initial fund together, to pay your students,
pay them well for learning for real.

Learning programming or design are good examples,
of the learning for real patterns of self driven education.

Let your first class graduate, find their own investors,
and take 10% of their profits, to continue fueling your school.

You can view the school as a colorful and powerful startup accelerator,
but it is not there to turn a profit.

This is the school,
the school that we all thought we were going to when we were little.

You and the countless many others that accept this challenge,
will create the first real and effective schools around the world.

Not for profit, not for glory,
but for lifting Humanity’s level of education, helping it activate its genius.

For  helping all the world cultures grow up,
and finally converge in Wisdom and Greatness on World Peace.
