Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If You Want To Be Fit Don't Sit; Or, Don’t Just Work Out, Try To Figure The Gym Out
Monday • October 21st 2024 • 12:01:10 am

Don’t get crushed by your lifting weight,
first, focus on lifting for an hour straight.

Avoid workout fads and cults,
always check the results.

Ask what will your exercise reveal,
at the end of the year.

If you ever have to sit,
than that is probably not it.

If you want to be fit,
don’t sit.

---

Don’t copy exercises of dorks,
who never learned how any of it it works.

You can only slowly become fit,
your body sets the speed, and that’s it.

There is no doubt,
that you can have a powerful workout.

But you got to go slow,
and let your body adapt and grow.

Not so slow, that you can do more,
but not so hard that you crawl on the floor.

Your body wants to help you,
but stay on the edge of what you can do.

Don’t lift heavy, that is too much,
lifting requires a light touch.

To grow in muscle and power,
you must lift non stop for an hour.

How much you lift is second to how long,
that is the only way to become strong.

---

Muscles don’t grow,
the way people think they know.

It is more like training for a non-stop run,
where you add more weight when you are done.

Lifting too heavy only looks like a sport,
but your exercise is too short.

---

A gym is not some mystical place,
it is just a title bit of personal space.

And fitness is not about magical spells,
it is all about dancing with dumbbells.

But you have to do it non stop,
and don’t let the beat drop.

The eat is how you enter your trance,
it is the only way to dance.

---

Exercise,
is not about looking nice.

You will have to grunt and angrily purr,
do whatever it takes to endure.

It really does not take long to become fit,
learn from your results and you’ll get there in a bit.

And you don’t have to start at the gym,
go hiking, or find a lake to swim.

You can walk the Appalachian Trail too,
start by doing what calls to you.
