Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Curious Things
Friday • July 9th 2021 • 9:54:02 pm

The philosophy related to your interests,
is very important, because it can help you learn in extremely powerful and meaningful ways.

After High School I had an idea about putting MP3 files,
on a CD, and turning CR-ROM drives into Car MP3 Players.

Looking back, I can see that the MP3 player patent was filed few years back,
but my idea was still really good.

I made the mistake of contacting a company advertising on TV,
they sat down with me, and said patent would cost 10,000 dollars, with weasel words.

If that was an honest company and they only took 10% of sales,
and invested some money upfront to get this thing rolling, maybe something would come out of it.

But, what really needed to happen, is me taking matters in my own hands,
instead of playing with weasels, I needed to learn Electronics.

You see what the problem was, I misinterpreted my interest my curiosity,
this was a call to learn Electronics along with Programming.

Not for a job, or money,
just to know how it all works.

Just to have,
more knowledge.

And today I sat down after my workout,
and I sketched out a small MP3 player that I need.

I need it to have buttons, that I can feel though my pocket,
so that I don't have to look at the darn thing to skip to the next song.

I sketched out a device based on a Raspberry PI,
I really like the ability to connect to it with a computer and phone, and upload music or change settings.

In that way it does not really need a screen,
it just needs to be an with room for 9 buttons that I will drill and program in different ways.

That is what I should have done in 1998,
I should have been searching aluminum enclosures and with , and some way to decode MP3 music.

Back then there was no Raspberry PI Zero,
so the project wasn't as interesting, but lesson learned.

I had an opportunity to begin learning electronics,
and I ruined it, because I needed to get a job in Web Design.

We must ignore what people are telling us to do,
and focus on doing what we feel strongly about, because that is bound to expand our knowledge.

And the thing about Knowledge is that it doesn't matter what you are learning,
so as long as you are creating that library of knowledge.

The bigger your library the more new things you will be able to approach,
by subtle analogy to ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ucation lasts a life time,
and institutions that clam to teach should be ready to support that; and not give reasons why that won't fit.

The road of small and colorful achievements,
is also the path of self education.

All it takes, is reminding ourselves to slow down,
that it is better to expand our knowledge in 10,000 ways, than just one.

Especially when prioritizing a job or carrier, or some patent,
over 10,000 lessons that really call to us, that make us more of who we are, that feel like a great adventure.

,
call it genius, call it early retirement, call it achievement, call it prioritization of the most fantastic things.

But don't let anybody push you away from the things that are calling-out to you,
because no school could ever possibly match the education that you get from satisfying your most meaningful curiosities.

Above all, know that there is a sequence to your beautiful road of achievements,
you can't leap into being passionate about Music, Art, Philosophy, and you can't squeeze a decade of pondering something, into just reading another book.

We have to let things grow in us, I am pretty convinced that if I didn't have my little MP3 player idea in 1998,
then I wouldn't be so interested in building it now out of a Raspberry PI Zero, and other fancy 2020 technologies.

I am certain that I would not be able to fix my old bike,
if I don't continue riding, and slowly learning on my own how to fix and teak bicycle things.

You can't leap into knowing how to restore a bicycle back to life,
you have to spend a few years dancing around with it.

Answering curiosities, is self education, this is real functional education, that creates real and lasting results, that solves problems that you really do have,
it is not possible for a school to enlighten you this way about all your 10,000 curiosities, for one, it takes a life time.

And most importantly, at the end of the day, we end up, with a pile of stuff that we really like, will never get tired of, and we are proud of,
all our diagrams, bicycles, computer program, electronic circuits and inventions, adventure photos, drawings, paintings, sculptures, music, poetry.

Don't let people push you into a diploma and a career,
walk your own way and become an unstoppable and timeless Force Of Nature.
