Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For Wisdom, For Greatness
Sunday • September 12th 2021 • 10:04:21 am

"Talk to the student",
is my answer to fixing school, because it can't be fixed outside in.

I want them to see that they are being tricked,
to understand that .

It is a setup, the school is fake,
otherwise they would test everyone for drug use to discourage it.

None of it matters anyway, because you need a real education,
memorizing disconnected garbage is temporary, none of it will stick.

Healthy People, Heroes, let a corrupt educational system fail them, and abandon it entirely,
they do not allow themselves to be corrupted by it - they pick up whatever pieces are left and build a new one.

,
it puts you in context of needing to learn real things, for real reasons.

It is scary, but so is looking for a job after college,
especially when everybody knows colleges are crap.

The interviews you face - will attack you,
to break you down into accepting a low salary.

More than that, they don't actually care about your skills,
they will only care about those who will accept the low salary.

Running your own business is a massive undertaking,
at first you wan to start with 15 little businesses.

But then, when you got! the thing,
you are going to have deadlines, maybe even pissed off investors.

But everything you do,
will be meaningful.

In real life, you hit the AT,
you become a great being early.

You get to see the world for what it is,
You see that it is not Wisdom and Justice.

It is flimsy, the complexity of the world,
is making the people who pretended to get an education blind.

You still need all the knowledge that College and University promised,
and it will take decades to get the real version.

It takes a lifetime, to learn for real,
you never graduate from a real school.

And the few of your last books that you were hoping to publish,
will be published by people that admire you - after your passing.

Do not choose the path more traveled by,
as that is the easier wrong.

Your years are precious,
and are meant to be spent on a real education.

Education that enhances you,
that helps you see the things that your mind is not yet capable of seeing now.

With each inheritance of wisdom
as you rage ravenously for more and more books, you don't just get to know more information.

But the complexity of your mind,
will soon begin surpassing the complexity of the world.

Your world,
the world that you are meant to take care of, as a Great Being.

My friends, my sisters, my heroes,
you must end the cycle of fake education.

Personal Note:

I wanted to share with you two links that were recently featured on HN,


and .

I'll quote from the second link about the "Phony diagnoses":
"[...] "

I fear that if schools continue teaching an ineffective curriculum, ,
, but, the .