Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

An Tiny Note On Artificial Intelligence Teachers vs. Standardized Education
Saturday • April 5th 2025 • 10:11:31 pm

The upcoming teaching methods,
depend on AI delivering individualized education.

It is a curiosity first path,
where the student asks about things that interest them.

---

In a standardized education,
there is nothing to interest a student.

In a curiosity driven system,
there cannot be more affinity.

---

The paths converge on Philosophy and Sciences,
and cross what we used to think of as standard subjects many times.

The notion of a subject is a terrible idea,
even in its tiniest form, it destroys creativity.

And when a subject becomes a hierarchy,
than defines an education, it then destroys knowledge.

It creates a shallow mockery of it,
void of the intricate connections and joy of learning and true achievement.

---

Oil Painting is a good example of that,
it is not a “real” subject, so it already receives a strike.

It cannot be recognized as a launchpad into greatness,
as it is completely misunderstood.

AI will help the student by encouraging the use of a wall projector,
the modern camera obscura.

And using the tone-first, color glaze later technique,
and have the student paint a selfie the very same day.

From here, they maybe programming robot arms,
maybe modifying plotters to accept brushes.

Or practicing, the techniques of the masters,
and painting portraits by eye.

And the AI can launch a service for panting by hand,
where people upload photos to be painted by the student.

Or just, set bounties on selfies and photo references,
where many students can compete with their work and educaion.

Programming, Art, Graphic Design, Product Design, Sculpture,
and even greater things like like AI Staffed Online Businesses begin here.

---

In a standardized education, all of this is forbidden,
by cookie cutter subjects.

And destroyed, perhaps, for example Music Composition,
begins with notes and music theory in a standardized setting.

But the AI would bring in a Beat Sequencer and teach the Piano roll,
again having the students compose, on the first day.

---

Grades in a personalized education setting, are an insult,
because when the student is interested, they go all out.

They are always an A+++ student,
expanding their very genius.

And their path of learning, including their little on-line companies
are both their diploma, and a way out of the worst of poverty.

The one unusual aspect of AI,
it its ability to always remind the student to grow, and all the way up.

That to become an adult,
means to stand as a great being.

No teacher has the heart to connect the subjects to greatness,
but the AI will never stop driving the curiosities up.

---

But the most beautiful thing about AI teachers,
is that they come along with you, wherever you go.

They will encourage students to great adventures,
knowing that stress free nature and open vistas is where they hear and learn best.
