Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilder Focus And Music Trance, An Ancient Warrior Trick
Thursday • January 23rd 2025 • 12:22:20 am

Bodybuilding is an endurance sport,
a workout may last several hours, and is mostly non stop.

Duration sets the speed with which our bodies transform,
the common set and rep duration is a total of a minute or so.

Because most people select weights that are too heavy to lift,
which is why it takes them multiple decades to put on some basic muscle.

Duration and non-stop lifting is the same thing that joggers do,
unlike joggers, bodybuilders just keep adding more weights.

---

I recommend, standing dumbbell exercises only,
working out almost every day, and always moving to the beat of music.

Synchronizing to the beats of songs, induces a dance trance,
which more than anything, get you into that focus zone.

To stay in that zone, you need fresh songs,
and weights that won’t kick you out of trance.

It already helps a great deal to cycle dumbbell exercises,
because you are not distracting yourself with switching machines.

But, you must select weights,
that you can handle.

Not, so light that you can lift more,
and not so heavy that they will force you to stop.

---

But there is more to it, because you can lift heavier to slow music,
gradually speed it up, get used to it.

And then rather easily, do it again, with slightly heavier dumbbells,
and dropping back to slow music again.

The key words here, are “slightly”, “gradually”, “eventually”,
and they are set by the speed with which your body adapts.

You can help that speed, by eating healthy proteins,
and giving yourself power with dried fruit and peanuts.

And of course saying hydrated,
you need a bit of sugar and salt in your drink.

The more fuel you have, the more nutrients to aid your body in adaptatin,
the more smoothly will your transformation take place.

---

There cannot be a workout without music,
and you can’t just listen to music, not at all.

You need songs that are slow enough, to support your lifting,
under that constant aim to move to the beat.

Do not attempt to workout without moving to the beats,
you will trick yourself into thinking working out is not for you.

I repeat again, you  need fresh songs,
and you must move to the main beat – one beat for lifting one for lowering.

This is an ancient trick,
it is how warriors trained.
