Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Instant Beef Cupcakes
Saturday • July 5th 2025 • 9:06:59 pm

Muscles grow,
when you move up in weight, but…

But, your exercise,
can’t be 15 seconds long.

Your body - an organism,
that *can* live without an fully active brain.

As many of your peers,
and most of your teachers so perfectly prove.

Is not!; adapted to understand short bursts of activity,
as a signal for adaptation.

It will see it as standard operations,
some confusion, and percolate a but of tiredness and some aches.

---

The aches you feel from the gym,
don’t come from the weights.

They come from you being sick,
from a sedimentary lifestyle.

It means your body is moving towards a dormant,
onward towards a dying state.

We are animals, and when we stay in one place too long,
it means we are hurt, and our body will let us die in comfort.

Your couch,
is triggering a comfort of dying state.

When you start doing any exercise relative to that,
your body will be offended.

It expect you to fade away,
not fight.

Prolonged say on the couch,
told the body that you lost and gave up.

It did not expect you,
to become active again.

The organism does not have the programming,
for breaking out of comfort of death.

The aches go away in less than a month,
this does not mean you will be in pain for two or more weeks.

The pain gets smaller in days,
but may persist for weeks.

---

If you overdo it,
like boys, by lifting way too heavy that just injury.

Injury to show off,
injury for stupid reasons.

The pain I described is from starting in the beginning,
with the lightest of dumbells.

It is the pain,
of reawakening your body, to us surprise.

---

Before we talk about your muscles growing,
you have to understand that exercise is aerobics with dumbells.

So it is a kind of hour or two long dance,
with dumbbells in your hands.

And you can’t just swing them,
you perform real standing exercises in a cycle, thus without rest.

The exercises are dumbbell curls, shoulder presses,
and lateral raises, and each works a different set of muscles.

That is how the cycle,
lets you rest without stopping.

This is while you are dancing,
flexing, turning and twisting.

Turning the standing dumbbell exercises,
surprisingly, into a full body exercise.

---

You need to guard against distraction, smells, gym music,
people getting too close, staring or doing weird things on coffee.

Or if you are really unlucky,
licking the mirrors.

To truly focus on your exercise, realize:
if you don’t notice the person staring it won’t bother you as much.

Though, if someone is directly behind you,
don’t get upset with them, move, or ask for help.

You may need earplugs to tune out gym speakers,
and over the ear headphones to hear your own music.

And you can’t just listen to music,
you need to move to the beat, to the drums.

And thus, your songs can’t be too fast, in terms of beats per minute,
as that will force you to stop and ruin your focus.

Your songs can’t be too slow,
as you must push your body, actually get the exercise in.

---

Once! you are doing standing dumbbell exercises,
focused, relentless, spicy, for two, or if you like white chocolate three hours.

Every day of the week, meaning you are experienced in drinking water,
you drink vegetable juice.

Having realized that sharing DNA with a banana,
somewhat means we have similar needs.

And the blended vegetables,
won’t be needing their guts and electrolytes anymore.

You can now, if you want to, and hopefully not to ofeten,
grow muscle.

By simply, gently working your way up, to first mix in,
and soon fully upgrade to heavier dumbbells.

And you should already know, through and through,
that 5 pound gaps between dumbbells are WAY! too much.

And you can only advance by 2.5 pounds,
if your gym does not have 7.5 and 12.5 dumbbells use wrist weights.

A 2.5 pound upgrade, daily for two or three hours,
will have your organism adapt in just about a month.
