Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Resist Concepts Like Standardized Education, IQ, Genetics, and Individual Socioeconomics
Thursday • December 29th 2022 • 11:12:30 pm

Preface,

A world renowned publication has published an article with a title so evil, that as they exit science journalism, the rest of us enter a new era. Where we must remind each other, that we are all amazing, and fully capable of genius. The article hit on four disgusting myths, in just the headline alone. Effective Education, IQ, Genetics, Culture and Poverty (they called it socioeconomics).

I must be brief,
because this is a world emergency.

---

IQ, does not apply to people, outside of healing and therapy,
it has no meaning outside of a competent therapists office.

The people who swear they are stupid, who always get bad grades,
and say things like I just don’t get math, I hate homework – are not less intelligent.

Their upbringing, did not introduce them, or indoctrinate them into,
memorization, freaking out about a 4.0 GPA, and kissing ass.

They feel unintelligent, because they think everyone else understands,
what is on the test, but nobody comprehends the formulas.

One famous intellectual explains that, High School is indoctrination,
skips over College completely, and says that it all starts at the University.

He is wrong, it does not start at the University,
it starts by resisting anything and everything that pushes yo away from your curiosities.

See, to really learn, the weird kid, that does not freak out when touching bugs,
needs a microscope, he’s a natural born Medical Scientist.

The University actually ends people, after all the years of hoop jumping,
their curiosities are torn apart, and it will take years to recover.

---

To say that Education does increase the IQ, is to state,
that getting out of the house, visiting the library, listening to lectures… Increases IQ.

Yeah, but this is not education,
this is every day healthy living.

Our intelligence grows,
when we grow.

When we grow knowledge, especially if it comes from,
loved and respected authors that narrate their life changing books, well.

When you hear “F*ck, Not Another Phylum” five miles into your midnight jog,
you don’t just reach out for knowledge.

It reaches out to grab you,
by your funny bone.

---

Their stupid title underlines, that education can’t fix genetics,
this is pure elitist, holier than thou, evil.

We s...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...rty, as the cost of using the concept of money.

It is true it is just a number, and the randomness that is ever so carefully watched,
is as stupid as the title of the article that spawned this whole poem.

Paying attention top market fluctuations, or some other random emergent phenomena,
that arises from some fundamental principles, is madness.

It is the same as searching for messages,
on a TV tuned to a dead channel.

No you may not worship nose,
you can have a spreadsheet instead.

Until financial institution earn the trust of all the worlds people,
the world needs a universal bank with a smart debit card that will prevent inflation.

This is a temporary, transitional bank,
that does not keep track of debt.

The debit card resets at midnight,
to the equivalent of around a hundred US dollars.

Merchants that will artificially raise their prices,
will be suspended, and wiser merchants will take their place.

Poverty is not something that a person has,
or is born into.

It is an error in the minds of people,
born to a Poverty World.

Real schools, will fix this,
eventually.

---

Which leads us to the subject of culture,
or indoctrination.

We listen to our elders all to much, they are not gods,
they are just perpetuating convenient myths.

Decision making outside of real education,
never travels very far.

It is like day dreaming about becoming an astronaut,
or inventing another alternative medicine or workout fad.

Growing up requires real education,
there is no growing up without it, there is just aging, that does not make adults.

All cultures must grow, abandon bad ideas to history,
and converge on world peace, in Knowledge, Wisdom, and in Greatness.

A culture, does little to prevent a person,
from inheriting a universe of wisdom, from 10,000 narrated books, at the local library.

---

Right now, the most powerful form of education,
is self education by means of thousands of well narrated books.

The first real and effective schools that are worthy of the future generations,
are yet to be had.

And those who take the path of self education,
and grow all the way up until they become great beings…

Will eventually come together,
in a group powerful enough, to build them, make them work, and protect them.
