Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Soldier
Wednesday • May 29th 2019 • 12:41:25 am

was the founder of the Stoic school of philosophy, which he taught in Athens from about 300 BC. Based on the moral ideas of the Cynics, Stoicism laid great emphasis on goodness and peace of mind gained from living a life of Virtue in accordance with Nature.

According to its teachings, as social beings, the path to happiness for
humans is found in accepting the moment as it presents itself, by not
allowing oneself to be controlled by whim, the desire for pleasure, or fear
of pain, by using one’s mind to understand the world and to do one’s part
in nature’s plan, and by working together and treating others fairly and
justly.

Stoicism would have influenced the Roman Soldier.



Emperor Marcus Aurelius (161-180 AD) shows his clemency towards the
vanquished after his success against Germanic tribes. Marcus Aurelius wrote
a book titled and today it is available as an
.



(c. 1157 - 1247) was especially beautiful, with white skin, long hair, and charming features. She was also a remarkably strong archer, and as a swordswoman she was a warrior worth a thousand, ready to confront a demon or a god, mounted or on foot. She handled unbroken horses with superb skill; she rode unscathed down perilous descents. Whenever a battle was imminent, Yoshinaka sent her out as his first captain, equipped with strong armor, an oversized sword, and a mighty bow; and she performed more deeds of valor than any of his other warriors.

Where a Hunter had to be a hunter or perish, becoming a soldier was almost
optional. A soldier needed training, skill and wisdom to survive into
retirement. A soldier, also needed a tribe as not to live in isolation.

It is in the wisdom of warriors returning from hell of war, that we find
hard earned inspiration and strength; because there isn't a soldier that
does not ask "Why am I in hell?".

One of the most important lessons to take away from this, is that a soldier
is saved inside out, not outside in.



> A truly brave man is ever serene; he is never taken by surprise; nothing
> ruffles the equanimity of his spirit. In the heat of battle he remains
> cool; in the midst of catastrophes he keeps level his mind. Earthquakes do
> not shake him, he laughs at storms. We admire him as truly great, who, in
> the menacing presence of danger or dea...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...understand why bloody battles are necessary, why they cannot be
prevented years before it is too late.

The greater battle is in crafting the strategy of deescalation, years,
decades ahead.

The Greatest of Heroes, conspire to prevent conflict, and foster growth; by
means of the Great Art of Fine Disregard for Rule.







To help a family, you build a library, a school, a free university, you
open borders, and give them aid.

You don't wait until it is too late, and call in the soldiers. War is Evil,
War is Hell.

I think we can learn a great deal from Bryan Stevenson's words Our
humanity depends on everyone's humanity.

We are one family, one people, there is no "them". It is just you, and me.

All cultures must leave bad ideas behind, and converge on wisdom.

Prevention.





I think there was a hope that hard earned ideas won in hell of war would
spread to no end in time. That, Knightly Virtues, Chivalry, Bushido,
Stoicism, would grab a hold of Humanity and never let go, would never stop
making us better and wiser. But even a has limitations, the gaps
in schooling will end propagation of the most viral lessons, and poverty
will return.

Poverty, Never Changes.

Police in Chicago are calling for tougher sentencing, the gangs are saying
"I have kids, I need to put food on the table".

And one of the lessons we learn from this text is that "A human being is
more than the worst thing they have ever done."

There is a class of soldier that is a product of their environment. Some
are an emergent property of poverty. Maximization of survival, leads to the
emergence of a self taught soldier.



My friends, my heroes. The situation is only hopeless when we stand on the
very bottom. When we rise, when we rise onto the shoulders of giants,
things change.

The Hopelessness of Poverty becomes transformed into a Hope. It becomes yet
another mission, a new challenge. It becomes a source of wisdom, a source
of Great Power.





Humanity. Dignity. Knowledge. Wisdom. Foresight. Convergence. Peace.

The Timeless & Unbreakable Family of Great Beings needs you.

Hopes for you.

And the future generations, will need your shoulders to stand on.

Rise to the challenge, become part of the thousands of years of hope, hope
for Peace, World Peace.

Confident, and Unafraid.
