Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wisdom And The Art Of Bicycle Maintenance
Thursday • July 8th 2021 • 9:57:19 pm

I wanted to jump on my bicycle this evening as the sun was behind clouds,
but it didn't look like it was going to rain.

I packed this and that, and put some fancy futuristic electrolyte mix in my water,
I squiЯted a bunch of fragrant bug repellent on myself, and boy did it work.

And as I was just about to leave,
I discovered I had a flat tire.

My goodness, entire books can be written on the art of fixing a bicycle flat,
it seems like an easy fix, but it is trouble.

First of all, I was lucky this time that I was home,
my first flat tire happened many miles away and I had to walk, and jog back home.

Half way through I had to drag the bicycle as the tire assembly came completely undone,
I actually tried to refill it at a gas station, just about all I had was some quarters for the air machine.

I don't remember how that worked out,
It was a stressful moment, because of how far away from home I was.

I eventually left the bicycle at a Highway Rest area,
and then jogged to get my car, got on the highway drove to the rest area and picked up my bicycle.

This was an old bicycle from a garage sale,
and it had a huge problem with the pedals.

Once I fixed the tire I went to a pricey repair shop for expensive bicycles,
and eventually caught on why the mechanic was acting slightly odd, and I asked:

"Is this a cheap bicycle".

Yes, he said with a deep tone,
and a kind of a detached relief that I caught on.

I ended up with a neat mountain bike,
and when it started wearing out, I got a Fat Tire bike.

I learned a lot, all these bikes are super cheap,
and the more things they have, the more things will get broken.

My Mountain Bike had disc brakes,
but I had to adjust them a number of times, and never quite got it right.

Then, I fell from my bicycle, and bent the aluminum frame,
and pretty badly too.

The fat tire bike, has no extras,
it has no special brakes, by the handle bar.

To stop it there is a break built into the internal pedal assembly,
it triggers when you move the pedals back.

As little as there is to go wrong, things still go wrong,
I actually had to go back to the store and get a replacement bicycle because the brake failed.

I added an extra bracket to the replacement bike,
to prevent the same failure.

Then a tire went out,
at...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...e,
and said that the boy is really shaken up, and that we need to help each other, and my voice broke, I closed the door an went on my way.

I told several people about that heartlessness and laziness,
and told them to avoid that store, they are overprices and reek of predatory behavior.

The big wisdom here, is to stop inflating the tire about 30% in,
and roll the dough, get that tire in the center of the rim.

And before you take off with your patched tire,
triple check that you got all the tools back into your bicycle bags.

Anything and everything that is used to service your bicycle,
has to be mounted on the bicycle.

It was already 8:45 when I left, so it was going to be dark on my way back,
while I had my flashlight, I forgot my headlamp, not good.

But I remembered bug spray, always remember bug spray,
4 miles in, about half way through my ride...

My left pedal started feeling loose, the thing was going to fall off in 10 minutes flat,
and if I was unlucky I would lose the assembly that held it in place.

It was getting dark, and the moment I stopped mosquitoes were all over my face,
there were so many of them, that I just ended up spraying them with bug repellent - and I did not get bit.

I needed the correct tools, and one of those fun wrenches that makes a fancy sound,
and since the screw holding a pedal is inset in the pedal, I needed a socket thing.

Because I keep all the tools on the bicycle,
I had everything with me, and the repair took two minuets.

The socket thing was slightly too big, metric probably,
but with mosquitoes flying around my face I didn't have time to look for the correct thing.

The wisdom here,
always have all the tools on the bicycle, everything that ever touched your bicycle, because you never know what will break next.

In return for my preponderates,
quick repairs to my tire, and successful field repair of my pedal.

I got to see a Gentlemanly Raccoon cross my road,
and when I said "Hello, Mr. Fancy Raccoon, How Do?"

It actually paused for a split second,
and turned his ear towards me.

As if wondering,
how in the heck does he know my name?

It is a little know fact, that when a raccoon crosses your road,
you are granted over one hundred years of cheerfulness, health, handsomeness and good looks.