Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Eleven Philosophers And A List Of Great Beings - An Accelerated Learning Course And A Memory Palace
Tuesday • December 21st 2021 • 7:02:39 pm

This course is based on the pricey "" series of 12 audio books,
I selected it because it is well written by competent writers, and read by Charlton Heston.

This is a beginning, and what better start,
then the most powerful and famous Philosophers.

I will alert you to the fact that there is in deed something missing here,
you are not witnessing the culture of greatness.

For this I have prepared a List of Great Beings at the end of this text,
and I leave it up to you to locate their videos.

Let us,
begin.

A Philosopher is a human being who has already connected with you,
they thought about you, about all of us.

We are for most of them,
the future generations.

For all their greatness, mistakes, regrets, disasters, tortures, and horrors,
they loved us, and they believed in us.

And they knew that as we grow,
we would set aside their mistakes and focus on their best.

So that we may begin,
where their greatness leaves off.

Before you pick up one of their books,
their means of communicating with you.

Take to their summaries, overviews, critique,
take to books that talk about their books.

And before you consider buying a guide book,
even before you consider watching a video.

There is something you must do,
you have to befriend them, and without a question they will befriend you.

To become friends with a Philosopher,
you have to invite them into your home sometimes across hundreds of years of time.

I am about to tell you how to do that,
get ready.

You will need a , , , , ,
and .

You need to find an image depicting the philosopher you will befriend next,
print it out on a couple of sheets of 8x11 glue them together, and trace them on your paper.

When it looks like you have captures all the details,
either search for a long video that talks about them get your hands on The Giants Of Philosophy Book.

And then go to a coffee shop,
don't be alone.

You will need to listen to the book multiple times as you work on your drawings,
make two or three, with the aim of framing the best one and having it permanently grace the walls of your house.

But, and you must not ignore this step, as you learn more and more about the philosopher you have chosen,
write down the best they have to offer in the background of your drawing.

Keep searching for videos and audio books,
until you fill the entire background of your portrait of them with quotes.

Recognize their love and admiration for you, recognize their friendship,
in the vast complexity of their existence.

They were always a part of your family,
and they will forever hope, that you too become a Great and Timeless Being with a Heart towards the future generations.

Date it, and sign your portrait, it will become a family heirloom,
hang it up on the wall.

And know,
that you have just made a friend for life.

All the portraits combined create a kind of a friendly Memory Palace, or Cathedral if you like,
as the years pass, you will slowly outgrow every one of the quotes in your portraits.

And you will find yourself,
standing on the shoulders of giants.

Here is the list of the Eleven Philosophers,
that I would like you to start with.

, , , , , ,
, , , , and .

You will find the others in a book entitled,
"" by the kind Will Durant.

What follows is a short and incomplete list of people,
that will help you grasp the Gravity, Class, and Culture of Philosophers.



















































In time you will see that where real Knowledge and real Wisdom are taking you,
you must become a teacher, and fathom more.