Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Preventing Workout Injuries; Or, Cut Your Shoe Before It Cuts You
Tuesday • October 3rd 2023 • 11:00:33 pm

The most important transformative workout advice,
is to work out daily, until the final transformation is reached.

There is no need to spend 20 years on body building,
if you can do it in three or four.

A daily workout, comes with a lot of problems,
tiredness, stale music, an ever demanding routine.

And avoidance of headaches,
backaches and injury.

Avoid caffeine,
to prevent most headaches.

And drink some vegetable juice,
but monitor your blood pressure when dealing with electrolytes.

To avoid back ache, never sleep on a flat bed,
you need a hospital-like bed, where you can lift your back and feet.

It may just be, that wrong electrolyte levels, and flat beds,
cause backaches, in otherwise healthy individuals.

And avoidance of injury, especially in context of daily workouts,
demands you never lift heavy, but lift light – a lot.

Synchronize with music and gradually increase the tempo,
use app or clip-on interval times to eliminate rest and extend your workout duration.

Which brings us to your feet, because another word for synchronizing with music,
is dancing.

Workout dance shoes, should be snug, slightly longer than what you need,
so that your toes does not hit the inner-front of the shoe.

The need to be low,
to eliminate chances of ankle injury.

And if you workout in a gym with rubber flooring,
thee bottom of the shoe needs to be foam based, and sanded down.

Don’t use a single shoelace, as the bottom lace is to control the toe box,
and the upper lace keeps your heel against the inner back of your shoe.

Your toe box need to be large,
so the bottom lace needs to be looser.

But you really need to prevent your foot from traveling forward,
so your upper lace needs to be snug.

But even so, and especially because there are so many little details here,
that you will never ever find the right shoe.

You need to understand that a workout shoe,
is nothing like a regular shoe – you need to learn to modify it, to make it fit.

That can mean, using an extremely sharp knife to open up the toe box,
especially if you have an injury.

And then optionally covering it up with some neoprene and velcro,
if you want to make it look good.

Let me make this clear, for all the things that you will put your feet you,
in a dynamic and transformative daily workout.

If you don’t cut your shoe,
it will cut you.
