Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Get Fancy
Tuesday • January 14th 2025 • 11:40:01 pm

There are a few things you have to do in life,
and they are all fun, but you have to start slow and humble.

You have to bid farewell to your bullies,
so that people can laugh behind you, without you thinking they are laughing at you.

You are an emergent miracle of the universe,
the second finest thing to love, and you have to love yourself too.

They lied to you, you were always perfectly smart,
and memorization was not education, it was shallow mockery of it.

You were not supposed to cram,
you were supposed to fail while learning greatly.

---

Getting passed along through High School,
while learning programming, precision modeling...

Canvas painting with aid of wall projector, or camera obscura,
and beat sequencer and piano roll composition, house muzik.

---

Instead of pleasing Missus Shemeasels and memorizing.
to get a passing grade.

You were supposed to be exploring your favorite places in the world,
from pixel art game arcades…

To wherever you could make a fancy ruckus, with plumbing and re-bar,
so that you could sample it and use drums unheard of before in your songs.

---

It wasn’t trouble making,
it was the birth of your learning.

And that your self education, is such an inconvenience to others,
that they will punish you for it.

How dare you judge, evaluate, think, yearn to comprehend,
and not merely memorize in a shallow mockery of education.

How dare you learn for your own future,
when there is stuff you need to do now.

---

A story as old as Socrates, Leonardo's Imagination,
and all the great Daughters of Philosophy, the Sciences.

---

If you let them, you will face a life of stress,
where your curiosity will wither, and creativity be that of a child.

If you don’t grow,
nothing within you will either.

Go find a used wall projector,
and paint a thousand paintings.

Create a library of drums never heard before,
and sit down to learning programming.

To compose bodybuilding music,
that will tun hours to minutes as you age backwards.

Weave endless raves where your painting dance,
and your legacy becomes astonishing.

Take to crossing the great trails a baby step at a time,
with a new narrated book playing in your ear each day.

The Appalachian Trail, Pacific Crest Trail,
and the Continental Divide.

Where you can peacefully inherit your true culture,
the culture of greatness, truth, clarity, and fact over opinion.

---

The world will keep you poor, and make you fat or old,
office will take your best years, and obesity or age the the rest.

---

Stop it, the choices you make today,
dictate the rest of your life.

The power is __within__ you, do not wait to be taught,
but rise to learn on your own; to comprehend and explore.

Follow your curiosities and let the seeds grow into lush forests,
master your time on Earth, not as an employee but as a creature of the stars.

You have to grow up on your own, and all the way up,
all the way, until you become a great being...

That is the only way, that you can do your older self justice,
and the only way that you can help the world move forward.
