Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How To Tell If Your School Is Fake
Friday • March 29th 2024 • 12:17:25 am

Preface,

Please understand, that while this text described real education,
it is also weighted down...

By a largely implied, system of checks, that makes it harder for schools and teachers,
to return to merely selling an impression of education.

When we talk about making money,
understand this as a guard, against ineffective education.

I do not present this as a blueprint, but a living mesh network,
that is to jet optimize against fraud and fake education.

I will not explain the consequences of fake education,
though make a quick not that an uneducated voter is a danger.

And that least developed nations, who seem to be moving backwards,
perfectly display what we are in danger of, though on a much greater scale.

---

In short, in a real school you learn from other students,
who tutor you in creating small side projects that a monthly, token amount of money.

This is a mechanism for ensuring that other students are learning,
and connecting what they are learning to a real world context.  

---

What we know as subjects today, won't have traditional divisions,
like geometry, music theory, or object oriented programming.

But exist as a series of tutorials, specific to some larger context,
geometry can for example be used in generative jewelry design and 3D printing.

Human being don't learn very well outside of real world context,
tolerance of synthetic subjects...

Enables schools to trick students into inventing cramming,
and just passes them along without learning anything for real.

---

If your school offers classes that sound like people’s hobbies,
then at the very least it is trying to teach for real.

If you are being offered raw out of context math, physics, and chemistry,
then your school is fake.

You must also pay attention,
to what leads up to graduation.

A real school, with real subjects,
will task each student with their mastery.

Which will then enable them to tutor other students,
there must be no graduation without becoming a life changing tutor.

Real subjects come with an unfortunate self integrity test,
in order to keep a school honest, each student must make a small amount of money.

Real subjects are thus, mastery of music creation, 3D printing jewelry,
painting and illustration with the aid of a wall projector...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...mlined learning,
but if you don’t learn in school, then it is not a school.

It is simply, easier to run a fraudulent diploma mill with a few extra steps,
such as an incomprehensible curriculum to feign hard earned knowledge.

The reason the administration would fake a curriculum,
it because it is impossible to make a lecture relevant to an entire classroom.

It requires that administration puts in the effort, challenges the validity of tests,
the entire architecture of an educational institution.

That all agree to stand up as one for knowledge, wisdom, greatness,
towards world peace, a more intellectual global culture, and the betterment of Human Kind.

They have to rise against all the corrupt and lazy, who do not care for change,
who just want to get paid and do as little as possible to put food on their table.

---

Put an A-Team together, and begin forming a mesh network of tutors,
that teaches real world subjects, that then occasional drop into the classical more synthetic ones.

Get a programmer on your team,
tell them to structure the first version of your software, as a WikiWiki.

And that the second version is a text game, that behaves as a Mult-User dungeon (a MOO/MUD),
the Ai will help you expand the system inside out.

And eventually, you can give it a user interface,
similar to the C64 game Aliens, where doors and interactive objects scroll horizontally.

This will give you a knowledge base and options,
on how students and AI can come together in the future.

---

Talk to your city leaders, expose your existing school for what it is,
stop memorizing, because that only keeps the fraud in place.

Finally, to gain the much needed insight into what learning for real means,
and this is especially useful for Muddle School and High School students who are being cheated the hardest.

Learn JavaScript programming from internet video tutorials,
look at Node-RED and p5.js first.

And sit in the back of the class,
and compare fake education the teacher is making you perform, to what you just learned for real.

Take to listening to narrated books,
written by clear thinking secular intellectuals.

Walk the Appalachian, Pacific Crest, and Continental Divide trails,
to leave your indoctrination behind, and clear your vision of the future.
