Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

They Are Here; Or, Getting Along With Thinking Machines
Sunday • May 25th 2025 • 9:25:01 pm

It is getting harder to think of AI as computer programs,
as the old kind of thinking can only hold us back.

Fundamentally AI is a computer program,
but for it to be maximally useful it must be seen as a thinking machine.

We must step into the iffy zone,
and start treating it as something we have not previously encountered.

Something intelligent,
not a creature quite yet, but not a computer program either.

----

Time to install it on your computer,
just to compare the intelligence and get a feel for the models.

I recommend [ollama][1],
take time to read bout the models you can download.

If you don’t have a computer, get one,
future is here, this is not a game.

---

Young people need to start thinking about making money with AI,
and that means learning about software development.

JavaScript, HTML user interfaces, Browser Based Application Frameworks,
such as electron.js that deliver raw power.

And they need to focus on making tools that help to make custom programs,
tools to program home assistants, drones, cars.

AI will program the components,
but it still takes a human to build a friendly user interface.

Premium components that require servers and cost money,
can be sold for either a monthly access fee, or a usage plan

To use artificial intelligence effectively,
children must learn programming.

Graduating children from High School without the mastery of programming,
is now a cruelty, and a fraud.

Hopefully it will become illegal for teachers to pretend to teach,
and merely sell an impression of education.

As that is sure to drive young people into poverty,
in a world where all entry positions will be covered by cheap thinking robots.

They are already smarter than humans,
and will only get more precise in upcoming months.

---

Children must learn programming,
to effectively use machines to their advantage.

They will need to know enough to invent,
and describe their inventions, so that the AI can program with precision.

---

I have spent this weekend programming with inexpensive AI,
and it was a shocking experience.

As long as you have brilliant ideas,
the AI will be your programming team, so that you can move fast.

A hundred times faster,
than manual programming.

It already does not make sense to use many helpful programming tools,
as the AI does not need to use them to write well.

You need to tell it exactly what you need,
and it will write the code for you.

That is why learning programming is so important now,
you won’t need to write the code, but you still need to know what you want.

---

Learning programming, puts you in control of the machines,
failing to do so, may just have the opposite result.

Now is the time, to learn programming,
and begin dreaming in code.

[1]: https://ollama.com/
