Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Creating And Selling Companies
Saturday • January 22nd 2022 • 8:44:04 pm

There is a huge problem in product creation:
a lot of products come with expiration dates.

And we are not talking about fruit here,
but some of the biggest product ideas that exist today.

Apps for phones, Themes for websites, even Electron Desktop programs,
need constant support.

This may seem obvious and until you compare these support needs,
with a finer category of products, let us call them Static Products.

My favorite example of a product is a seemingly trivial series of backgrounds,
imagine something made of of blurry circles that borrows from colors of steel.

Imagine offering that re-sized, cropped, and masked (to allow for transparency) for all the common resolutions,
from Apple Icons, 1024x768 Desktop Size, to 1080p, 4K, and 8K.

This is something you put in a zip file,
upload to Creative Market and never have to maintain, debug, upgrade, patch, secure, or refactor.

This is a product that never expires,
that never becomes incompatible or old.

The effort that goes into maintenance of applications and less static products is so massive,
that at the end of the day, it may seem like making a little bit less money would be, better.

Companies obviously want to maximize profits,
they will jump at the most complex that sells a the highest prices.

But the truth is that both simple products and complex can make big money,
but the simple products will only ever present simple problems, and that is a magnificent power.

I propose that rather than you making complex products,
you automatically generate simple ones with custom software that you never put on the market.

And then once everything blooms, and you have a hundred products that look OK,
you then turn around and sell your company.

And the first thing you are going to tell you potential buyers,
is that your company sells simple products, that require no maintenance.

A person who wants to purchase a company,
does not want to support all the copies of the product, they just want to sell sell sell.

This custom program that greatly helps with static and non-complex product generation,
isn't ever sold to a customer that will open a dispute or cause a charge back.

It is an internal company program,
guts of which can be insecure, because it just creates products and never touche...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...p towards animation,
and that means moving pictures.

People make good money from internet videos,
and they are often in need of video clip-art such as slow motion or time lapse and maybe even tilt shift videos.

Video products are similar to graphics, here you will film falling snow, Urban Sunsets,
busy intersections, and sell that as clip-art, that others may include in their title screes or in the background of their credits, or even ads.

My favorite spin-off product in this area,
is leaving a camera overnight to record full 24 hours of sounds and commotions of summer days in Parks and Forests.

,
especially great for winter.

Creating Couch to 5K or 10K workout programs,
is yet another idea worth exploring, here you would be building a video fitness company.

On the other side of video is of course audio,
and here you have, [lmms], another program you can study - here - to create custom music for your inventions.

Simple drum songs go a long way to aid in workouts,
and as with everything else you can get local musicians to build up a fetching library of song, that will make your company shine.

These are simple products,
but their Business Power lies in never requiring maintenance and thus creating a fetching company idea.

Try to view your companies as an internet bussines person
willing to spend a few thousand dollars to Micro Acquire a promising company.

They will not be interested in purchasing software that needs constant tweaking and security work,
but a dozens of high resolution works of art that cover a range of purposes, from phone icons to backgrounds, wall posters, and blankets.

...Or time lapse videos of snow piling up, or slow motion birds, or ocean,
represent quite a headache free library.

Once you sell a company,
you just make another, start with a simple logo and a short dot-com name.

There is just great power in simplicity, and we must learn to say no to complexity,
the static products will simply not weigh your buyers down with maintenance, bugs, security considerations, and even usage tutorials.

With each product you create, and with each company you sell,
you will gain more and more confidence in your abilities, and business experience - eventually you'll make a cool little company that you won't want to sell.
