Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Strange Age Of AI
Friday • January 2nd 2026 • 10:36:34 pm

I have been experimenting with stylized writing,
where I write something or ask AI about a topic.

And tell it to respond as a blend of authors,
or as an intellectual mystery novel.

It is a fascinating way,
to explore subjects.

Narrating an interesting essay is so fun,
you can’t do it correctly on first pass.

I tested automated audio,
and video with face swapping to see what maybe automated.

At the moment, the AI I have access to,
makes just about as many mistakes as humans, and they are bigger.

---

I have two long projects waiting in my folders,
one about corporate scandals.

And the other, about what kinds of things per-internet governments,
thought they could get away with.

What a fantastic way to get an overview,
of adults behaving badly.

---

This afternoon,
the AI and I setup a programming experiment.

I selected a code repository,
with a nice app that used a visual programming language.

Imagine virtually wiring simplified circuit boards,
with well labeled pads or sockets.

And I told the AI, to extract the visual programming language,
from the app, and make it into a standalone general purpose language.

You could load a list of names from a text file,
and connect them to an uppercase node.

The result would be,
the names being printed uppercased.

A more practical example is a blog,
where you convert your favorite directory structure holding posts.

Into a proper web page, compressing things along the way,
maybe running the text files through spellchecker and such.

---

The result was astounding, the AI covered 99.9% of the code,
the UI does not work, but everything is well structured.

I am very familiar with debugging,
and AI is really great at it.

Tomorrow, morning I’ll just tell it the visual nodes don’t show up,
after I place them on the canvas, and it will fix it instantly.

I couldn't do it in the afternoon,
I had to get up from the computer, and try to grasp this power.

This is [a power of resurrecting old projects][1],
just to seal the deal, I told my AI to give it a Mozilla Ubiquity UI.

Ubiquity is a promising but long abandoned project,
fuzzy command line for web pages, think command chat.

And visual programming a command line,
is just the perfect duo.

---

What has not yet become obvious, especially now,
in an...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... Linux.

Any coding agent worth the $20 bucks,
will take care of everything, and teach you how to use it all.

What is even less obvious, is that installing Linux,
is like going to med school, but free.

System Administration and Application Programming,
are very sound career paths.

So powerful intact, that the paycheck is not as interesting,
as building your own AI powered outfit.

---

In my blog tests this week I installed a [face transfer system][2],
and saw myself performing a poem on video that I only narrated.

AI programs can be assembled with the help of competent AI,
and come with several monetization strategies.

Monthly support contracts, commercial licensing,
and sales of easy to install versions that run on the desktop.

Some months ago I signed up for something like this,
it was an image upscaler, that generated details for blurry photos.

It was a monthly service,
that helped the owner make good money.

So it is a career path, with pretty powerful milestones,
that AI machines make other thinking machined do useful things.

Such as, easy to use drag and drop image up-scaling,
or efficient face animation to convert audio to video.

The Visual Programming language AI created today,
is more complex, than a drag and drop upscaler.

And hosting companies,
[charge reasonable fees for running AI jobs][3].

---

Finally, the biggest problem,
is understanding the scale of your power.

I estimate, it would take 3 lines of server code,
and one hour with programming AI.

To create a furniture generator website,
or 3D model generator based on generated photos of pendants.

Or a shoe design website,
or a print your shoe on a 300 printer at home website.

Or a, music generator, that has your users pushing a grid of buttons,
dictating [drums, bass, chords, melodies][4] and thus composing live.

Here the user can type in give me an 80s vapor wave melody,
and they get a new button that allows them to wisely swap melody.

While drums, bass, and chords continue playing the same,
until next change.

That is the real reason, why this is such a strange age,
you don’t yet fully grasp how powerful you are.

[1]: https://killedbymozilla.com/
[2]: https://github.com/facefusion/facefusion
[3]: https://replicate.com/
[4]: https://learningmusic.ableton.com/
