Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On Finding A Path To Greatness
Tuesday • March 2nd 2021 • 2:29:43 pm

Above all, begin paying attention to your mental well being,

whatever is causing you harm, get away from it.

If you think you can't get away from it,

then find a relative that will take you in.

If you don't have relatives,

then you will have to talk to your best friend's parents.

You can't stay in a place that is stressing you out,

you need a place that is safe, a place where you can think.

And then begin thinking about building a company,

or a tiny business, at first just for learning.

Everyone says it is not easy,

people say they get burned out, overworked.

But that is the wrong approach,

you need to be whole.

There is a little passage in the Ranger Creed,

that nobly emphasizes just that.

"Never shall I fail my comrades. I will always keep myself mentally alert, physically strong and morally straight and I will shoulder more than my share of the task whatever it may be, one-hundred-percent and then some.

Mentally alert means, you take care of your mind,

that you are rested, that you are free.

Do not let mediocrity, liars, cheaters, pretenders hurt your mind,

you have to be mentally alert, mentally well enough to easily go above and beyond.

Please allow me to make a note here, I'll make it brief,

people are stressed out by fake education, more and more drugs are becoming accessible.

Furthermore, there maybe schools that in their evil will attempt to diagnose people with states of mind that woudn't exist,

if it wasn't for the insanity of school.

Sir Ken Robinson, called unusually high number of prescriptions for ADHD a sign of a "",

and fake schools will cause depression in a healthy mind, that is how it works,

If schools start medicating the kids they depressed,

then even if you want school, get out, get out as fast as you can.

And remember liars are never obvious,

liars always live in the twilight, there will be no proof, no evidence, just better grades and better profits.

Be careful,

it is that kind of a world, I am sorry.

Mental Well Being, is Number One,

number two, is somewhat related, especially if you are in middle school or high school.

The first thing you need is an upgrade on you view of the world,

the way you inherit a more sophisticated intellectual culture is Audio Books.

They are not free,...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...nd you can stay in the field without having to work 26 hour shifts for $300, remember number 1, your well being is most important.

Away from the laboratories, in my private opinion is where the party is,

unconstrained by any field in particular you can do, everything.

For one, 3D printing is awesome, and you can find it as a service online too,

you can sculpt in clay 3D scan it and then miniaturize them and open up a little jewelry store on .

You can open up a First Person View ,

and perhaps have a yearly competition for automatically operated drones only.

,

, create the gray version of your painting first, and then add color glaze to achieve perfect portrait every time.

Remember, to ,

there is an exception for the primaries, you mix the full triad, secondary colors already consist of two colors, so you just add the opposite, and that makes the triad.

As with Science, you must be lead by you passion,

everything you do has to be inspired.

When you are inspired, you are driven by enough information,

to have no need for memorization, you simply integrate the new to the great library within you.

While I can't show you the direction you must move towards to create your business,

there is a guiding idea that will help you along.

A self published, full color book,

that serves as your portfolio.

It will contain your design sketches,

and photographs of your complete work.

This will help you get clients,

or get hired by a large company.

I think the costume designer behind Bram Stoker's Dracula, is a perfect example of an Artist and an Entrepreneur,

and got hired to work on Dracula, and .

In closing,

your mental well being must come first, and then you have to grow, as soon as you are ready to expand your horizons, read, listen, explore.

Begin making your way into the cultures of great beings,

by reading their books, by admiring their works, by learning from them.

Schools will forever be a prosthetic,

even if they do transform into a personalized education experience.

You need to pursue an independent plan,

on top of everything else that is going on, because only you can guarantee your won future, it has always been in your own hands.

And never forget,

you are meant to be come a great being, do not let anyone stop you.