Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stand Up Against Fake Education
Monday • June 23rd 2025 • 9:54:26 pm

Cramming is not a life hack,
it is your consent to receive fake education.

---

Anything leaning towards fake is a sign of an attack,
teachers that don’t, cramming that doesn’t, commandments that can’t.

All of it, aims to take your inheritance of knowledge,
and treasure of reason, wisdom, genius, and your extraordinary savant self.

Un-education and corruption means that the corrupt,
can enjoy a feeling of power, and real ever growing profits.

And as even the brightest, are made to fight,
among each other.

---

Letting people do people things,
is an old hat, and an old trick.

Without powerful dignified culture and authentic education,
humanity will just walk it self back into the dark age.

---

You see that in poor villagers stealing assault from newly paved streets,
there is nothing wrong with their minds, they are just kept down.

They don’t grow up in a culture that holds wisdom and greatness,
as some of the highest ideas.

And they receive no real education,
what little they do receive is broke and religious.

---


In United States, keeping religion out of school,
is not about law, but about care and upholding a promise to the young.

Even though schools are largely ineffective now,
people still stand up for whatever principles remain.

---

One of the major things that is fading,
is that there is no such thing as West and Western Culture.

Those words aim to blur, what this end of the world really is,
the Modern Culture, the rising culture.

Un-education is about a walk towards the dark age,
religions, witch doctors, salvers, corruption and war lords.

A world of fantasy, where monsters can pretend to be gods,
and clarity, justice, dignity, wisdom science, and greatness is destroyed.

---

Do not cram for tests, do not memorize facts,
do not hold up the GPA above reason, knowledge and wisdom.

When your teachers,
is forcing you to memorize disconnected, incomprehensible, useless facts.

Do not let him frighten you, because if your education is fake,
then so is your graduation, GPA, and hope of a bright future.

You will not get the job, if you are just going to cram for the interview too,
if you do get hired, then your job is not going to be the same as advertised.

A make believe interview, along with all the fake certificates,
will not lead to the future you are being promised.

---

There is no substitute for authentic education,
and there is no growing up without it.

As human beings we are each meant to grow and grow all the way up,
until we become great beings.

Today, you have three powerful tools,
the great trails such as the Appalachian Trail, Wise Narrated Books, and now AI.

Artificial intelligence teaching you programming,
and listening to narrated books while you study nature and learn hiking.

Is your start, you will find your graduation thousands of books later,
after having crossed the Triple Crown of hiking.

The Appalachian, Pacific Crest, and Continental Divide Trails,
and even that is only a beginning, though one that does your older self justice.

As opposed to memorizing, so that you can keep getting your fake good grades,
for a fake GPA, and a scared 5hit-less future.

Find your beginning in listening to books written by clear thinking beings,
all the worlds beloved authors from adventurers to philosophers.

Do not punish the modern culture because it is crumbling,
become a great being and hope to fix it.

Before all the small parasites destroy it completely,
and set your children and their children a thousand years back.

For the love of future, stand up against fake education,
stand up against the dying of the light.

You are not a wage slave;
and work will not set you free.

Nor can happiness be found in some pursuit,
it can only ensue from pursuits greater than you can today imagine.

You are to become an artist, programmer, inventor,
philosopher, adverturer, and a great being.
