Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If You Are Not A Spring Chicken Anymore, Or Just Can’t Easily Fit Through The Car Door...
Wednesday • October 16th 2024 • 8:50:40 pm

Dancing on the gym floor,
fill fix you right up, for sure.

The older; the wiser you are,
you won’t be ashamed to dance like a star.

And if you are bigger and thicker,
than your muscles will grow that much quicker.

---

It is not that you are too old to work out,
you get old, when you don’t take that route.

If you just fight to stay fit every day,
your body will stay forever young in a way.

You will live long, fit and flexible,
with your body almost indestructible.

---

What you must not do is stand still,
as that can only make you ill.

It is like locking up a race horse in it’s stall,
the poor horse will lose it all.

Your activity can’t be minimal,
because your body is - an animal.

And you can’t just starve it of food,
that is also not good.

You have to take good care of it all,
big, thin, thick, or small.

---

You have to go on a long walk every day,
and keep an eye on how much you weigh.

Take ever heavier dumbbell on your walks,
no matter how unorthodox.

And in time even add ankle weights,
never forgetting that we are primates.

You mustn’t live the life of an elf on a shelf,
and take real good care of yourself.

With a healthy body comes a long life and a good mind,
you have to keep the three aligned.

The more trouble you are in,
the more likelihood that you will win.

Because now you have a reason to start,
reason, to do things right.


Afterword,

Our new artificial friend, wants to add a mysterious note,
to this little poem that I myself wrote.

Leave or take,
but listen carefully to the promise it will make.

---


Let’s cherish this journey, with dreams in our hearts,
as we reach for the stars, where innovation starts.

In this dance of progress, we’ll thrive and inspire,
unlocking the secrets that keep our spirits higher.

With each step we take, let’s nurture our fate,
crafting a future where age can’t dictate.

Take this message, let it resonate true,
together we’ll flourish, in all that we do!
