Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Self Education: For A Cheerful And Healthy Mind
Tuesday • December 1st 2020 • 8:13:45 pm

Though mighty, we are very delicate creatures,

our minds require Beauty and Calm to learn the most at their best.

Haste of organized education, threats of losing a 4.0 GPA,

homework deadlines, and even subconsciously knowing that memorization is not education, will conspire against us.

Learning for real, real education, useful knowledge,

thriving wisdom, and eventual greatness demands a beautiful and authentic existence.

In real life, getting a diploma by cramming, memorizing, winging it or getting lucky,

doesn't actually do anything.

Reality, demands real things,

truth, authenticity, and a healthy existence.

A beautiful life,

requires our full beauty.

To bloom, to truly grow up,

we need to be truly free, we need to reside in the real world.

It is not as easy as it sounds,

though we all have the ability to set ourselves free from childhood indoctrination.

What about, the less obvious things?

Such as doing badly on a test some years ago, having your GPA permanently lowered because of it,

but on the day of graduation, actually being able to perfectly pass that test, but now during graduation it being too late.

So you are accepting a lower GPA, so that you can graduate sooner?

that is not how reality works, and what about the extra motivation that you would receive from keeping a 4.0 GPA throughout your entire stay?

And what about the quality of that test,

and what about the people that passed it because they memorized it without really learning anything?

And what about the fact that that many will never need what was on that test,

in effect the College or University slowing their progress down, distracting them from learning what would help them become more of themselves.

And what about well connected and ingratiated liars, at the company you do end up working at,

what if after years of tests and textbooks and frightening and stressful debt, a liar dislikes you?

Reality, will make you strong and beautiful, it will make your life meaningful and full of joy,

but you have to keep it real, the education must be real, your place of employment must be stable and honest.

At no point should you be pushed to the side,

and forced to walk a path that is different from who you are.

And do not forget, that we are g...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... to Happiness and Love of Life.

Has the power to bring the most boorish and scared person from the brink of death,

and plop them in the middle of the Shenandoah Valley, walking stick in one hand and a bewildered companion in the other.

I once wondered how we could describe the most powerful beings on earth,

and somehow I came up with a two word description that still frightens-me-a-little to this day:

The Laughing Philosopher.

While, I guess, I am not a real doctor, though the results are not quite in yet,

I am certain that even those who are deeply sad will find something that will bring them a special kind of Happiness when out on an adventure.

And I would argue, that the saddest of us, are the least likely to be eaten by a bobcat,

or dragged away by a condor.

And I know for certain, that the saddest of us,

are the ones that eventually tell the happiest and most triumphant of stories.

All you need to do, is be aware of the terrible fact,

that the first few days of your adventure will feel wrong; you have to snarl through it.

Fight the urge to turn the car around,

that is just the toxic sludge within you fighting for survival, make sure it loses the battle.

It will only take a few days,

and then, everything changes.

Oh my, when you get out of your car,

and your hiking or trail running shoes hit the gravel, it is like hearing bells of kissing a hundred woodland faeries.

By taking that first detoxified step of your new adventure away from lies, bullies, limits and fears,

you can perfectly understand why dogs get zoomies sometimes.

And hearing your first chipmunk,

will absolutely put all the damn birds to shame.

No job, or school, or employer, or alarm clock with a creepy snooze button, or any damn thing,

has any right to your joy of life - do you hear me?

You joy of life is sacred,

everything else has to be secondary.

You are at your most beautiful, and you contribute to the world the most,

when you are Happy, and occasionally mischievous.

Call it an adventure, or intellectual hygiene,

but keep your backpack by the door, and may you be always ready, for the call of the wild.

Because that will mark the rise of your own personal University,

and the beginning of your quest for real education and wisdom.