Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, What Does A Real Muscle Building Workout Look Like?
Thursday • February 5th 2026 • 8:08:56 pm

A real workout is a sustained challenge to your body,
you never stop just lower weights, and go back up when restored.

You lift light to make it through the hour,
though not so light that you can lift more.

But you never lift so heavy,
that you are forced to stop and rest.

Imagine stopping as failing your excersice,
it must be avided.

If you are out of shape you will need to stop,
for lack of endurance.

And until you have an hours worth of endurance,
by eliminating your rest gaps like joggers do.

Consider your efforts a training phase,
not quite the full excersice that will build your body.

---

Joggers are a perfect example of the first level,
but once they dominate the hour with strength to spare...

They do not add weights, most try to run faster,
or longer, or more frequently.

They rarely put on a weight west,
or try to jog with dumbbells.

Those who do seek to tone their body,
and will never increase the weight of their dumbbells.

This is where muscle building reaches the third level,
once you are comfortable with an hours worth of 5lb per hand.

You move up by no more than 2.5 pounds per hand,
and at 7.5 you will see another explosion of muscle growth.

---

Jogging is a very fragile thing,
most people will avoid rain and snow.

And when carrying dumbbells,
you should too.

At the gym,
you will not be permitted to use dumbbells on a treadmill.

Therefore once you earn an hour's worth of jogging endurance,
and are ready to begin weigh yourself down.

You will have to perform dance like motions,
at the gym.

You will need to move to the beats in your songs,
starting with 90's country firs as it is relatively low BPM.

The gentle dance with dumbbells, one beat up and next beat down,
will pushing you into a dance trance.

This is a similar state to when you are driving home,
or playing computer games and time gets away from you.

While people may think you are behaving oddly,
no one can perform an hour or two worth of lifting without music.

Real muscle building demands a prolonged challenge to your body,
and you will need to distract yourself away from quitting.

Only coordination and synchronizing your lifting to beats of new songs,
will include and sustain that state.

Old songs depleted of energy, perfumes, hot chocolate aficionados,
will knock you out of trance, so you need to find room for yourself.

---

In short, you will be slowly dancing non stop,
performing whatever standing dumbbell exercises your body can handle.

Please understand that while you will become even more beautiful,
bodybuilding is not about the looks, it is about longevity.

People who are standing still while lifting are not fully exercising,
as they get older they will suffer from not renewing their bodies.

Dance is not just a way to built your body, and focus your mind,
it is how you respectfully keep your body renewing it self.

---

I know you want to know how long it will take,
the answer is 20 months, but you don't snap into a bodybuilder.

You see results the first or second week,
I recommend working out every other day at first.

It is non-stop dancing,
with whatever dumbbells you can handle for an hour.

And once your body gets used to those dumbbells,
you go up by 2.5 pounds per hand, use wrist weights if you must.

You may need to stop at first the same way joggers need to stop,
and like joggers you have to close those rest gaps by extending endurance.

Bodybuilding as described here works for young ladies and older gentlemen,
it is just weighted down jogging that looks like dancing.

The result is your body building it self up,
to handle the challenge.

If you have to stop, you are lifting too heavy, going too fast,
go back to lighter weights, so that your body can get used to them.

And when you see people lifting heavy for 20 seconds,
compare that to your 60 minute challenge.

You are challenging your entire body by balancing with moving weight,
sitting down and lifting heavy for 30 seconds is not enough.

There will be initial adaptation as a person does something,
but they are lifting too heavy to challenge their body in any meaningful way again.

They are cornered, and crushed, if they adapt at all,
it will be on the order of decades, not weeks.

The initial aches go away,
in a couple of weeks.

But fatigue, tiredness and brain-fog,
are a universal signal of not enough sleep and wrong nutrition.

You body is an ape, an animal, if you are going to grow it,
you will have to feed it.
