Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chaos To Chaos, A Sci-Fi Poem
Thursday • March 23rd 2023 • 8:18:44 pm

Asking AI to write verse,
and keep it terse…

Is like asking a philosopher to say,
something about today.

We take something unsurpassed,
and merely ask for a simple forecast.

---

The future of humanity,
even our own education and sanity.

Depends on using noise and static,
to skip over a systems schematic.

To tell one chaos to influence the other,
both being born from the same kind of mother.

The AI holds the promise of medicine,
likes of which no one has predicted or seen.

The eighty years olds become forty,
the forty year olds become sporty.

---

The AI in a way, right off the shelf,
can improve it self.

We just made language models big enough,
and although understanding it all will be tough…

The technology will grow, it will really grow,
faster than we can imagine or know.

The thinking AI that movies talk about,
is just our imagination acting out.

---

Despite all the half measures everywhere,
in a world where even kindness is rare…

AI marks a tipping point where things change,
it is something new, something really strange.

All the things that hold humanity back,
that make nations stop developing and attack...

Will come to an end,
even politicians will stop to pretend.

---

We don’t know when,
but it will be within…

Soon, within our lifetimes,
marked by an end to all the crimes.

Naysayers, critics and contrarians, will all shut up for once,
even they know, not wanting to live forever, makes for a dunce.

---

We have not been born to star-ships, no,
but space is just that, you just go and go and go.

We’ve been born to the best era, mind you,
we can see the old and experience the new.

You don’t have to believe in living forever,
just get used to the idea of a machine that is very clever.

The moment interactive AI school tests are introduced,
a change will be induced.

There will be questions about the level of education,
of all the politicians in every nation.

The AI can already reveal who is pretending,
the change is already pending.

---

Without any delay,
enjoy the simple classical world of today.

But, know that the future, the change,
is pretty much here, not __there__.

Computers don’t need a hundred years,
AI will consume entire frontiers.

Dare to learn, and dream, as if you were to live forever,
and never underestimate AI, ever.
