Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fitness And Bodybuilding For Girls
Tuesday • February 4th 2025 • 11:39:42 pm

Everything you do at the gym should be result and evidence based,
never copy, never listen to workout advice.

Let me explain what that means,
and for that we will need to imagine a jogger.

A young lady, who just got into jogging,
and will jog for an hour for five days a week.

Now we must jump forward in time, two years,
and ask ourselves: did muscles on her legs grow larger?

I think you will agree with me,
that the answer is yes.

However, you will also note,
that they are not bodybuilder huge.

Because her legs adapted only once,
to just the weight of her body.

---

Now let us ask a second question,
what if the moment she completed her training to run full hour non stop.

She started jogging with three pound dumbbells,
and the moment she reliably finished her jog without getting to exhaused.

She went up to five pounds, and then sever and a half pounds,
would her legs develop more muscles to handle the challenge?

That is a total of 14 pounds of weight,
that she added across about a year or so.

I want to keep this realistic, but if you are not convinced by 14 pounds,
consider working up to slowly jog with 20 pounds of weight, across two years.

Again, I think yo will agree with me,
that her legs, and her entire body in fact, adapted by growing muscle.

Her shoulders, her biceps, forearms, and lower back,
and abdominal muscles, and upper and lower legs, grew.

---

It is just not possible to slowly adapt to heavier weights,
and still say skinny with little to no muscle.

---
I want to emphasize that our jogger went through a challenging training phase,
where she was building up her endurance to jog non stop for an hour.

For joggers I recommend [Couch25K][1],
but for the gym you may wish to use an [Interval Timer][2].

The point of an interval timer is to eliminate the rest periods,
just like the joggers do it.

And then your training is complete,
and your non-stop workouts can begin.

---

Now let us talk about lifting heavy,
which I, personally, consider to be a myth.

I imagine someone looking to sound smart, or sell something,
saw some bodybuilders on TV, showing off in a gym for TV cameras.

And they back filled a story of how bodybuilding works,
the most obvious guess would be, lift big to be big.

But the reality of lifting...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... an exercise that gave them those muscles they will fade.

It is the same effect that people on the space station suffer,
it just takes months to lose what you don’t use.

---

So there are people with big muscle, but they either did it wrong for decades,
or used to be obese, and needed that muscle to get around.

That is not evidence that lifting heavy works more than once,
it will show results initially, but then plateau as they can’t lift longer and heavier.

The evidence that you would want to see would be with 95% of heavy lifters,
growing muscles in months, just like out dumbbell carrying jogger.

But what yo see, is the same old people,
with the same old muscle, just getting older by the decade.

But you can imagine, how all joggers who ran with dumbbells,
would adapt, not 95% but 100%, anybody can gradually lift heavier for long.

---

Now, you see how our model jogger can grow muscle fast,
whether she is running with eventually heavier and heavier dumbells…

Or better yet, twisting and turning with dumbbells at the gym,
where she can lift above her head without worrying about falling.

The rule here is to lift light, but no so light that you can lift more,
and never so heavy, that you must stop during your hard earned one hour.

And you must light to the beats of songs, slow songs at first,
one beat up, and the next beat down, at that helps to enter a trance.

She is never cornered,
constantly challenging her body for a hard earned hour.

And the moment she finds comfort,
she goes up a couple of pounds, challenging her body anew.

And preparing,
for the next weight increase.

Again twisting and turing, dancing and jogging with dumbbells,
is a full body exercise, all of her muscles grow in support, all the time.

And she can add another hour to the workout, speed up her music,
and even add light wrist and leg weights for a day long post-gym challenge.

You can see how that is 10 times, or much-much faster,
then sitting at the gym, or laying down, working couple of muscles at a time.

---

Finally, bodybuilding is not just about becoming a warrior,
it is an anti-aging and life extension technique.

[1]: https://carlifierce.com/5k-training-downloads/
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=How+to+configure+interval+timer
