Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Only Thing That Ever Worked Was Adding More Hours: Or; How To Quickly Transform Your Body
Saturday • January 20th 2024 • 11:39:57 pm

My big workout breakthrough, was not in dancing with dumbbells,
though this was the only way, as it turns out.

That and constantly speeding up my music,
and just trying to keep moving.

It was adding two more hours,
to my original one hour non stop workout.

---

Previously, I have heard of the Hacker diet,
where a person is abstracted away as something much simpler.

A computer function that takes in an input, of peanuts,
but that sounded too complicated.

Then I’ve heard of the Couch25K program,
where workouts are mathematically guided.

And they did help me a little,
but it was mostly because it was interesting to listen to.

Then I tried to focus on my pace,
and begun working out to a single song, letting the beats guide me.

And it was very difficult,
I could only lift during the melody section, and had to rest during the slow part.

Then I heard of the 300 workout,
for the actors in the movie 300, that involved the entire body.

But to this day I am not ready,
for such a square and fair workout, plus I worry, that it maybe a bit boring.

We are artists and revolutionary thinkers,
a workout shouldn't be a cage.

And then people started making fun of cross fit,
and I came across an overpriced interval timer.

The little gadget did keep me company,
it did help me eliminate rest periods sooner.

But, music was all I needed,
I needed to just keep lifting to songs.

And to only stop,
when I could lift no more.

This is not to sound dramatic,
I never lifted more than 10lb per hand.

And I do not recommend 10lb,
you can feel it in you back.

And I think that is going too far,
and if I am wrong, then it is just too soon.

It may require a decade to dance,
with 20 lb in your hands.

---

And of course, dancing is very dynamic,
I am currently dancing to songs I sped up to 172 beats per minute.

And that is one beat to lift a dumbbell,
and one beat to lower.

And that means you are swinging that thing,
increasing its weight with inertia.

So 8lb per hand only sounds easy,
though it does not hurt me it still challenges me.

I still go too slow,
and quite frequently so.

---

Today, I am practicing streaking and range of motion,
by [River Dancing][1], to [Ya Bassa][2].

And like most people I don’t know what dancing is,
and I am yet to seriously read up about it.

But I am sure of one thing,
there is no burning fat and putting on muscle without it.

Let me restate this,
a fat guy without dancing at the gym, will just say a fat guy.

“Don’t worry, no one will be paying attention to you,
everyone is always focused on their own workout.”

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuSchXqehSo
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwWmcMz0ZVk
