Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Quest For Authentic Wisdom And World Peace
Saturday • May 17th 2025 • 9:36:59 pm

"There are more things in heaven and earth,
than are dreamt of in your philosophy."
-- Hamlet

You may not cause any kind of harm,
to the younger generations.

Your comfort becomes trouble, the moment it erases natural human curiosity,
inducing un-education, desperation, poverty, hate…

And what one mad man has just referred to as,
the "logical conclusion", war and destruction.

---

We are not that different from flowers,
we need just the right conditions to bloom.

Human beings when kept in a garden of fantasy become unwell,
misguided, confused, angry, depressed, scared.

But, also less than they really are,
we are each meant to grow all the way up until we become a great being.

---

The correct conditions for growing up,
are those that encourage love of wisdom.

Wisdom inherited from clear thinkers,
and hard earned by our own adventures and challenges.

---

I suspect, it was always about philosophy,
parasites, all the way back in Ancient Greece knew it would destroy them.

They invented gods the way than invented the coliseum,
it was already back then, an opium of the people.

Satiating natural curiosity for the world and universe around us,
with fantasy, that when questioned, results in death.

Goes a long way to corrupt Humanity,
without real questions there are no real answers.

A real answer is just a new step in a mystery,
a fantasy based answer is either the end of the road, or a dead end.

By building a world without roads leading out,
we become blind to the reality, gravity, and sanctity of life.

Just look how easily you will give up your little ones,
when a mandatory draft letter arrives.

Do you even care that the local recruitment office,
will try to get the High School graduates to sign up.

Will you just laugh it off as your boy being dumb,
will you encourage them to fight for a god of convenience and a nation.

This nation, that nation, but certainly against one corrupted for decades,
that you did nothing to hope to repair, before it drops into war more.

War is not natural,
it is not allowed, it can only be prevented ahead of time.

And how thin your morals,
thou shall not kill goes out the window as you wave with a longing smile.

---

And long before war there are many other terrible things,
that should not be allowed either.

This is why you are not allowed to live a fantasy lifestyle,
why you must become a clear thinking philosopher and a great being.

---

There is no harm,
in setting of for a life long quest for Wisdom and Enlightenment.

There is no harm in growing all the way up,
until the world is represented by leaders that are admired for their wisdom.

Go find all the great narrated books at the library,
get a tent and backpack, and section hike the Appalachian Trail.

For all the opinions for which we are willing to send our children into war,
we neither read and listen to great clear thinking books, nor really know true adventure.

It is out there in the crucible of the Appalachian Trail,
that we finally make room for authentic learning.

There we get to know the philosophers and adventurers,
nature and her beauty, and ourselves.

Your ancient ancestors were great heroes,
great adventurers, and great thinkers.

All of that is still in you, it is never too late,
to reawaken the great philosopher and adventurer in you.
