Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding: An Explanation So Simple, That Even A Cat Can Do It!
Thursday • December 5th 2024 • 12:34:21 am

Using interval timers, slowly extend your endurance to a multi-hour,
five day aerobic workout synchronized to beats of slow songs to enter a trance.

Then add light dumbbells, though not so light that you can handle more,
and not so heavy that you are forced to stop for more than a moement.

---

Notes:

You should start your aerobics with light dumbbells,
two pounds per hand, won’t feel like much.

You can also use wrist and ankle weights,
and put on a light weightiest.

But adding weight is not as important,
as the fact that your exercise is non-stop.

Because you are always moving,
you end up with a balanced physique.

The walking, hopping, twisting, turning, and dancing,
turns dumbbells into a full body exercise.

You should never lay down, or sit,
or aim to isolate muscles.

When all you are doing is working on your chest,
than that means you are not using all your other muscles.

Astronauts, are a good example of muscle atrophy,
you have to engage your entire body.

You have to do it daily,
always checking, if you can switch to heavier dumbbells.

You have to stay on the edge of challenge to your body,
fully engaging it.

There is no such thing as chest day, or leg day,
It is everything, all at once everyday.

That is why you need a full body excessive,
and the most powerful one is dancing with eventually heavier dumbbells.

---

And interval timer is just two timers and countdown of rounds,
your lifting duration, your rest duration, and how many rounds you can handle.

At first you may only be able to handle one minute of slow music lifting,
and need two minutes of rest, is you do 10 rounds, that is a 30 minute workout.

You should search of an Open Source Interval Timer App,
that you don’t have to pay for – but you can by a vibrating clip-on version.

The purpose of the timer is to slowly add more rounds,
and shorten your rest duration, until you eliminate it.

At first you should aim for a single hour non-stop workout,
and aim to dance with 5 pounds.

Your muscles will grow pretty fast,
as your body slowly adapts.

Sets and reps or heavy weights that everyone else is doing,
just gets people stuck on the first plateau.

Because they never lift for long enough,
because they can’t because they are lifting too heavy.

You need protein in your diet, this will help your body recover,
but you need trail mix for energy, (peanuts and dried fruit).

To give you an example, on an empty stomach,
I run out of energy and start hurting after two and a half hours.

Once you get into that zone, make sure,
that you have complex carbohydrates in your system to avoid trouble.

Be careful how many calories you consume,
and soak it in initially hot water, overnight, to protect your teeth.

Pay attention to your calves or other muscles that freeze up on you,
that means you need to hydrate, and drink vegetable juice.

If you ignore small muscle spams, your back will get you,
and that will hurt you for multiple days.

---

Finally, what I think, is the most important note,
you can start bodybuilding by just jogging with dumbbells.

You won’t be able to lift them above you head, like in a gym,
but for many months you grow good muscle from just jogging with them.

If you keep increasing their weight,
you will keep adapting, legs, abdominal, arms, and shoulders.

You can increase their weight up to 10 pounds,
to get a head start with endurance lifting at the gym.

Please do not increase by more than 2.5 pounds,
a 5 pounds increase is too big of a gap to cover.

---

And even if you don’t, jogging with dumbbells will teach you,
to eliminate the rest gap, here you can use landmarks instead of timers.

It is a lot easier to enter a workout trance,
when your scenery is always changing.
