Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Founder
Tuesday • April 21st 2020 • 10:59:23 pm

There are two leading in US.
and .

·







Y Combinator created , a list of startup ideas
they are waiting for. It includes Enterprise Software, Financial Services,
Programming Tools, and Computer Security to name a few.











·









> Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors
> go to war first and then seek to win.
> 
> -- Sun Tzu -

What Sun Tzu hoped we understood was this: "Victorious warriors, master the
sword before the battle; while defeated warriors hope to learn how to use
the sword during their first sword-fight."

Creating a tiny company with a winning product, even without filling out
any paperwork. Will give you all the tools you need to sit down with an
Accelerator, or your first investors and show them the relationship between
advertising budget, number of developers, and product sales.

What may feel intimidating when all you have, is an idea; will become
energizing, and empowering when you have some sales to show for it.

Large Startup Accelerator acceptance rates are between 1% and 3%, but there
are smaller ones.

Remember, you and your investors are connected. They make money, when you
make money. Armed with a winning idea you already covered a great deal of
distance towards success.

A good idea, already has desperate customers searching for a way in.

is a Good Idea. Every business person on the internet needs to advertise to get customers to come over. Google has a unique position where many people come to visit its pages, thus they can display ads; they have an advertising network. They have something everybody needs the moment they are ready for their first sale.

or similar, is another great idea. It is a website that can generate a start-up website, based on some screenshots and text. Every start-up has screenshots, and no time to work on the website.

: User Interfaces are hard. Having your team create a powerful computer program is one thing, but making it look nice; is another. This is why theme websites make sales. They have all the code, with all the colors and fonts matching, and it saves so much work to focus on the program and have the UI snippets ready.

, because saving data, is huge. When developing applications you need User Accounts, but also some place to store information. Parse has been Open Sourced, and all of the code is available here:

Learning Programming to begin creating such marvels, will also destroy
the pillars behind them; as the languages twist them to meet your own
deadlines.

Sitting down to build your program, and invent it too, is only good for
research, and not for meeting serious implementation goals or deadlines.

You must separate yourself from the implementation (of which, in the end,
there may be many).

You must become the leader, the protector of your vision. And lead - that's
right - .

The best source of ideas, is a list of .

Investors .

.

(a play on ) has many smaller ideas along with Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR).