Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Real Education First
Sunday • October 8th 2023 • 11:19:31 pm

We have to grow up in a culture of effective self education,
learning for real is too important to hand off to some strangers.

All conspiracy theories aside,
the moment organized education does become effective.

There will be so many changes,
that those who took advantage of un-education.

Will attempt to cripple schools, again,
and, it is a lot easier to destroy, than to create.

We just have to understand that the idea of standardized education,
is a really neat fantasy, and a great promise to the future generations.

But today, it is not yet reality, and we need to
take responsibility for our own meaningful self education.

Standardized education can help us with reading writing and arithmetic,
that seems to work quite nicely.

But as soon as we get past that point,
we need to begin learning programming.

Programming helps to explore, visualize, and simulate,
the entire universe, everything in it.

It is like a microscope,
that will help us comprehend everything.

Becoming a programmer also means,
no longer being crippled by the fear of poverty, homelessness or hunger.

For one creating small side projects can make a few dollars,
but also co-founding smart software startups becomes an option.

For a programmer, computer programs based companies,
require little to none upfront investments.

And software products,
do not need warehousing.

Programming is a great little tool,
for money making.

One that the students,
will have no trouble learning to dream with.

---

Life is more complicated than learning programming,
and real education is a lot more complex than anything that can be standardized.

Narrated books, come close to creating a more authentic learning environment,
by design it is self directed, self paced, and staffed by authentic teachers.

All the clear thinking authors of all the world's most valuable books,
stand by their wisdom, and so do all the world's intellectuals.

Books represent an intellectual inheritance,
that belongs to all the students.

Inheriting wisdom from books,
as not to begin where countless many begun already...

Is far more important than any GPA and Diploma,
a prestigious career means nothing if the person is walking in circles.

Real education has to come first,
so that the students can begin where great beings leave off.

---

Today, fake education means war and mind numbing stress,
that people treat with overwork and doom-scrolling.

A lot of today's adults, are forced to pretend,
that they are grown ups.

If you are in need of a path away from stress,
please know that there are great trails all around the world.

That take many months to cross,
that are hard, and healing.

And above all,
they help you make room in your life for narrated books.

If you fell that you need more, or that you need nature,
or that you are stuck.

Get to the Appalachian, or Pacific Crest,
or Continental Divide Trail, of the equivalent in your part of the world.

Bring all the narrated books that call to you,
and you will surely, read them all.

---

In order to repair schools,
the world needs an intellectual revolution.

You have to understand that to grow up,
means to grow all the way up, and become a great being.

Merely aging without growing up,
means there will be no one, to fix schools.

Without growing up, the world can only stand still,
progress will cease and maybe even reverse.

---

Effective, meaningful, life changing education,
must come first.

Take to the trails, take to your books;
do what you must to become knowledgeable and wise.

And help other follow in your path,
so that they may learn also.
