Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Schools Help The World Grow Free
Tuesday • March 1st 2022 • 5:38:38 pm

We know schools are such an important thing,
that every child in the world goes to school - just like that.

We correctly see schools as part of growing up,
we see denying schools as a horrible crime.

Our vision falters beyond that point,
because we don't quite yet know what effective education is.

,
.

We are close, we are really are,
we just now identified that we can't have grades, and that we probably can't have subject divisions.

We needed the emergence of real schools somewhere in the 50's or 90's,
we really messed up, though it is just now that we started carrying computers in our pockets.

It is just now, that we are beginning to see,
that school starts on a little screen, and is driven by the student's own curiosity, not a mangled curriculum.

It is their amazing creations will create a passion for subjects that seem awful at first,
the students best learn in context of their curiosities.

And we are just now learning that real education is not just about knowledge,
learning for real ignites creativity, empowers wisdom, and drives students towards Greatness.

A lot of mistakes can be prevented by making schools more powerful,
.

All school graduates when looking back at their experience,
can easily see how ineffective their education was.

We all know, and we do nothing to fix it,
.

This is such an urgent issue,
that we should ask all the world's students to stop memorizing for tests, and demand effective education.

We have to help them to reject the easily corruptible the grade system,
and push the teachers into guiding them into an integrated self-directed education.

We must explain to all the world's students that real education,
is a door to creativity, wisdom and greatness - the very thing that their mind and future depends on.

And we ourselves must understand,
that our wars must not be fought by our children.

Our greatest invention is not technology, or schools and books,
it is our culture of world peace, creativity and education, wisdom and achievement, leadership and unity, advancement and greatness.