Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kosmos; An Exercise In Writing
Saturday • April 20th 2024 • 12:08:02 am

A writers block is just immaturity,
once you do your travels, you will not have enough time to write everything down.

---

You can’t become a great writer by writing,
just like you can’t become a great painter, by merely painting.

You have to travel to have stories to tell,
or become a philosopher to deliver some important message.

But you can’t just sit down,
and write.

This reminds me of Einstein needing help with his math,
he came in with the mechanics ready completed.

He just needed to efficiently express them,
in mathematical ways.

You need the content first,
otherwise, your work will be tiny.

---

My first writing project, begun with the map of the cosmos,
I only did a couple of pages double spaced.

I didn’t get far into the cosmos,
it was a tiny step for Human Kind but a big one for me.

You need that map, but you can’t pull up a chair,
and doodle something on a page.

You have to visit those worlds,
to learn their stories.

---

You should also know that dishonesty,
is at play.

Some writers rose to fame by synthetic writing in deed,
but, judging by the architecture of their works.

They were hoisted up, the way Hollywood stars are,
for the purpose of making a sale.

They had talent, good ideas, they had stories to tell,
but they absolutely lacked class.

It matters who the writer is,
because to understand what they are saying you have to befriend them.

I don’t want to read books written by a person who took drugs,
or is about to pass away from morbid obesity.

I would prefer to read a book generated by a smart AI,
than a person who still needs growing up.

And immaturity shows, our favorite spy, sucks,
he has no humanity, and without humanity there can be no heroism.

---

And many immature writers wrote misery, they just didn’t know,
that misery is a force of destruction and not creation.

---

I once gave serious advice, very unlike me,
and I spoke in the simplest possible words to a new writer:

“The art of good writing is in what you leave out”,
and let me make it clear to you: you leave out the misery.

Anywhere you stick __it__ in your works,
it will tear them down, and make them forgettable.

---

Yes there is a form of writing that entices the distracted reader,
on a train, or a bench, to a page, after page.

But it demands class, heroes that rise, with none of the filth,
or inhumanity of synthetic writing.

Furthermore, the hero can’t be an accidental role model,
you can’t write, without having lived first.

An incomplete hero, is the worst thing you can do to a story,
so much has been destroyed…

That many wise readers,
just give up, they give up reading.

If you write incomplete heroes,
they will tear your stories down.

What will come out is a caricature of intellect,
the character will come out vague, or infantile, or just crap.

Yes there is a form or writing,
but so is low effort abstract art for the purpose of money laundering - a form of art.

---

The reason why you can’t find a perfect book,
or more books as perfect as the ones you love…

Is because they haven’t been written yet,
do you understand?

On the shoulders of those who came before you,
with none of the bad and more of the good.

It is your jo to write,
precisely what you would hope to read.

Please, remember to leave the misery out,
it is not entertaining, it is the worst thing you can do.

---

Living the life of the character you create,
will of course greatly aid character development.

This completely overshadows,
this one fantastic idea, of creating an imbalance between traditional characters.

Recently the imbalance driver has been taken to a maximum,
by retelling celebrated books in context of modern fantasy.

Put a werewolf, or a zombie, or a hacker vampire hunter,
into an existing story, and the world will create it self.

It will be colorful and driven, for sure,
but this is easy, cheap, pop writing.

And you, as a writer,
deserve to e read a thousand years form now.

I am sorry, but we need to grow up,
you need to become a great being to write.

---

You need knowledge, wisdom, and greatness,
you need to rise all the way up until you become a great being.

Writing is not for writing sake, nor is it for reading sake,
it is for your spirit to be reawakened to no end…

in new friendships…
across all time yet to come.

Your typewriter, is the last step,
the first step is adventure.

Get up, and go shopping for gear to cross the Triple Crown,
the Appalachian, Pacific Crest and Continental Divide trails.

You can section hike, you don’t have to through hike,
write what you live, add to what is already there.

May you walk the forests and sands of the worlds,
where your epic story of heroism and greatness unfolds.
