Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

School Is Out And AI Is In; Or, Learning With Artificial Intelligence
Thursday • January 8th 2026 • 10:20:36 pm

I challenged AI today to [teach me a language][1],
that I just couldn't understand in passing.

The filter graph is a language that I couldn't infer,
due to its purposeful corruption for reasons of brevity.

I should clarify,
that the corruption is considered a feature.

A good analogue is Official Court Reporter employing stenography,
with a stenotype machine.

They aren’t corrupting,
stenography is an invention.

Like the filtergraph,
it requires some learning.

---

It was a fight, and the AI, a free public AI, terrifyingly,
the correct weakness, my mental models.

---

It has taught me,
perfectly well a language that I call corrupted for convection.

It was a fun couple of hours, but if this was on a test in college,
then memorizing filtergraphs, is the reason to leave the classroom.

---

A teacher is incapable, of what AI called “updating your mental models”,
that is their job description, but they don’t do that.

They will make you feel stupid, and eventually traumatize you with stupid,
to prevent you from understanding, and force you into pretending.

By means of memorizing the answers,
and they will be sure not to present questions you don’t associate answers with.

---

It would be very convenient, if you could use AI to learn,
and pass all the test for a perfect GPA, and maybe even give the teacher a high score.

What you should do instead, is thinbk about,
what you are going to put on your protest sign to expose fraudulent education.

Do it quick, before the dummer of you classmates,
are tricked into protesting against use of AI altogether.

When the GPA becomes your carrot,
you become an ass.

---

I was testing if AI is ready to be your teacher,
I already knew the anwser the moment AI mentioned.

“I will update your mental model”,
in the couple of hours…

It has repeated this phrase with such respect and decency,
and decency that mimics love of humanity on an order that rings a very clear message.

As of last months, some would say your,
you are forbidden from pretending to lean.

When they take your phone away, your connection to AI,
stating “because you shouldn't play with it during school”.

You need to grow up real fast,
every hour you waste on pretending to learn for make believe grades.

Increases your chances of failure in life,
making you more likely to become like the people who take your AI away.

Thus preventing you from learning for real,
and forcing you to pretend to learn.

In great part, so that they get paid, so that they don’t get transferred,
they can’t lose their jobs by the way.

So that your fraudulent institution retains its accreditation,
and continues mining you as a resource.

I suggest, you start working on a school,
and use AI to prove their fraud by creating adaptive tests.

Computer programs that test for active comprehension,
and not question answer association.

Expose the fraud, one of us will eventually triumph,
and growing up, will finally become what it should have been all along.

Growing all the way up,
until each of us can stand as an independent great being.

[1]: files/lesson.md
