Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transforming Fake Education Into Real Education
Thursday • August 19th 2021 • 5:38:18 pm

School is broken, ineffective, or fake,
and provides no real results.

And certainly,
no results that are reliably reproducible.

I propose,
introducing several new classes.

These classes will create a starting point,
from which the new schools can emerge.

These classes already have a new format,
and they do not feature grades, just real and life changing information.

The most difficult subject, is that of healthy relationships,
as there has been a ongoing problem that colleges and universities try to hide.

The primary focus right now, is to undue the seemingly self propagating myths,
about what it means to become a man.

Because what boys currently think it is,
is not that far off from participating in deliberate emotional exploitation and general predation.

Taking advantage of the emotionally hurt,
or those who don't yet have the necessary culture or knowledge to make the correct choices is more likely to prevent a boy from ever becoming a man.

Here I would like to note that, ,
because only a monster would do that to a young person, especially a young person under the stress of fake education and very real debt and poverty.

I propose the name of this class is Love,
and the starting point for the most tragic subject, can be found in one of Jon Krakauer's books Missoula.
(I will not read this book, but I trust Mr. Krakauer based on his other works)

This is a very important subject, and as deeply sad and tragic it is,
It must stand as the first and foremost topic that comes up when speaking about making improvement to world's education systems.

The children need to understand that what makes a Human Being mature is not even age,
it does not matter if someone is 50, if they didn't grow in Knowledge and Wisdom then they are sill a child in their mind.

The second new Class I propose is called Poverty And Money,
it's primary purpose it to state in no uncertain terms that:

Humanity has blindly created an artificial problem,
that causes great harm to our family, to our minds, to our bodies, and to our education.

Without anybody interning to do so,
we have begun advancing humanity by using money and inducing poverty.

This unintended consequence,
is a major cause behind crime, I leave it to the reader to conduct the research o...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...y don't need the crunches of the previous generations, they just need a global end to Poverty, and Knowledge, Wisdom and Greatness.

For those of you who use religion to deal with suffering,
even if it is just loneliness, I encourage you to bring in all the other books, especially their narrated versions into your place of worship.

The way out of suffering, the way towards meaning,
is found in Knowledge, Wisdom and Greatness.

Do not disgrace the memories of people who were murdered or tortured by the hands of your organization of choice,
to do them justice and correct history's mistakes, your places of worship should become Great Libraries of Wisdom.

Suffering, is best prevented,
or risen from - not lived in.

I worry that that the elderly are being taken advantage of,
that the world has abandoned them - most don't need fantasy, they need a job that is respectful of their skills, and a happy outlook.

It seems to me that all the churches are doing for the elderly, is take whatever little money they have left a dollar at a time,
it is time to transform your organizations and help the elderly to long and happy futures.

The final subject I mention in this text,
is Climate and Animals.

World poverty has blinded us,
there isn't a single person on planet earth that would wish famine and pandemics on the future generations.

But in poverty,
the energy withing us that cares about all the future generations, that projects our love thousands of years into the future - has been drained, and we can no longer see that far.

,
we have done nothing to take care of it for future generations - we will not be forgiven for this, the scientists are warning of untold suffering.

, no generation wants to lose a species or large animal,
looks like our generation has destroyed the tigers.

We did this,
with out fake education, our busy live, arrogance & ignorance, and all this hard work under a state of made up, bullshit problem, that could have been avoided, the problem of world poverty draining us of wisdom.

Become a teacher, make your voice heard around the world and well into the future, make a difference, begin now,
the children and the future generations need a real education so that they may grow in Knowledge, Wisdom, and onward to Greatness.