Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don’t Sit At The Gym
Saturday • March 29th 2025 • 9:12:24 pm

Above all, you are propagating a myth,
that hurts those who need to transform their body to save themselves.

If they come into a gym, not really sure where to start,
and see you lift something 10 times.

And then have a bout, or what could be called,
sitting incontinence, with your digital dingleberry.

They will think, that is is part of exercise,
and begin exercising by sitting for 95% of their stay.

---

Sitting is the worst of it, but also, muscle isolation is bad,
as it slows you down, from 2 years to success to about 40 years.

Performing standing exercises with cable macines,
where you work three muscles at a time, or one arm.

Also does little nothing,
and must be avoided at all cost.

---

If you a singe machine for three or four hours a day,
you will grow six or fewer muscles.

And you will not look like a bodybuilder,
you will not look healthy.

Muscle isolation, sitting down, working one arm,
or the worst of it all, laying down, is very bad.

If you ignore this advice,
take plenty of photos, and ask around how you look.

---

What you need, is motion, constant full body motion,
you may not even stand in one place.

In fact, that will mess with your circulation,
you have to move your legs and torso.

Don’t stabilize,
flex.

To be precise, power walk,
and twist and turn with dumbbells.

Start in the begging of the rack,
but not so! Light that you can lift more.

And not so heavy,
that you are forced to stop.

In the beginning, you will not have endurance,
to lift for long.

So as long as you are constantly extending your endurance,
you can stop to end your exercise after 15 or 20 minutes.

Then rest, maybe have some complex carbs,
and do it again, aim for one hour of motion.

At first it won’t matter that you take a break in the middle,
or even two, so as long as you aim to eliminate them.

---

If you start with power walking with light dumbbells,
while cycling standing dumbbell exercises.

Namely, [Dumbbell Lateral Raise][1], [Standing Dumbbell Curls][2],
and the mighty [Overhead Shoulder Press][3].

Because these are different muscle groups,
you are actually letting one muscle group rest while working another.

That is how you can exercise non-stop,
without any distraction.

You should be able to get to one hour non-stop,
somewhat quickly.

And just the moment you can handle one hour, well,
you go up in dumbbell weight.

Please, go up by 2.5lb rather than 5,
give your body time to adapt.

By the time you are power-walking with 7.5lb,
you may consider safely jogging with dumbbells.

Which will use up your fat reserves,
of go to the gym, and keep going up in weight.

Eventually you won’t be able to power-walk very quickly,
but then you start pushing a new.

Close those rest gaps,
use an interval timer to make sure you are always lifting for longer.

Once you are working out with 20lb per hand,
you will see what a disaster muscle isolation is.

You will have huge legs, abdominal muscles,
back, that will never ever bother you.

Your shoulders will be huge,
but also in proportion with your body.

And of course biceps and arms,
will be strong and large.

---

Now that you start in the beginning,
and dive your body time to adapt.

The only other reason why you would need to sit,
is boredom, and that you address by lifting to the beat of music.

Not just listening to music, but hitting every beat,
one beat up, next beat, down, starting with songs at about 95 bpm.

---

Once you see that what used to take years,
now takes weeks and months.

You will swiftly become very outspoken,
about not sitting, and by extension.

Influence people new to the gym,
and help them see that they have to keep moving non-stop.

Twisting and turning, to the rhythm,
and with manageable dumbbells that you body can handle.

Not so light, that you can lift more,
and not so heavy, that you are forced to stop.

[1]: https://youtu.be/FeJP4E4Z-PY?t=121
[2]: https://youtu.be/av7-8igSXTs
[3]: https://youtu.be/Gu1t7X2yq4M?t=153
