Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't Let Anybody Push You Around
Saturday • April 17th 2021 • 10:31:09 pm

I know this sounds like basic advice,

but this is tough.

School was double trouble for me,

not only was it nonsense, but it also came with bullies.

It was dangerous, so I stopped going,

it never occurred to me to call the police.

I thought everyone was getting bullied,

I didn't even complain to the school.

I didn't complain about my bad grades in programming,

the teacher marked me down because he got angry that I was copying.

It never occurred to me to go to the principal,

the bullies were already laughing.

---

There was this short kid getting beaten up,

and I tried to push away his bully.

Who was an A student,

and an addict.

Not only did the two turn on me,

but my main bully joined in two.

I don't fight,

because that would only make me a bully.

But, when I am in danger,

everyone is going to be pushed away.

---

The fight came to an abrupt end,

as my bully was already hurt, probably from his father.

SO the teachers got around,

for the first time in five years bullying was noticed.

Except that when I got back to my classroom,

the smartest of the girls, told me that they don't want me there anymore.

Just about at the same moment,

the school shrink came in, put her hand on my shoulder and said everything is OK.

The two that originally started the fight,

begun lying that I started the fight.

I told the psychologist to grill them until they start telling the truth,

and she finally got the real story out of them.

And they got punished,

I didn't do anything wrong other than pushing my bullies away.

Each of them, including the little one tried to fight me before,

I still didn't want the little guy to get beaten up, I know what it is like.

---

Few days later, my main bully, invited college kids to teach me a lesson,

they actually came into to the school.

I did not see the kick,

he must have been standing behind me.

I didn't really get hurt,

but I stayed on the ground to be safe.

The Russian language teacher saw me down,

and didn't do anything.

When I made it to class,

the bully that invited the older boys to teach me a lesson, was laughing at me.

I think the side of my face was red from the kick,

they would have been arrested if I knew to call the police.

I am certain they had knives,

there wer...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ation, politics and corporate fraud, and try to figure out how everything works.

If your Biology teacher proclaims "Weed to be an herb.", like mine did,

don't just drop out like I did.

Get up, and say "Let's see what your employer has to say about that",

go to the Principles office, and face the wrath that will come from it all.

Learn to stand up for what is right,

because this is your world, by the time you are their age they will have long retired, and will care even less.

[The world needs Heroes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWQq0E8ENSc), those who stand up for truth,

and learn to find entertainment in rage and anger that is causes.

---

I didn't let years of bulling hurt me at all,

I became stronger and wiser for it.

If misfortune finds you,

rise up, back away, and forge your own path in life, aim away from mediocrity, and the easier wrong.

Misfortune, especially one that you can't help, is good training,

it will make you a ridiculously overpowered warrior, and a ridiculously cheerful one too.

Besides, the moment you rise above your troubles,

you come into the company of all the great warriors an thinkers, prophets and philosophers, dreamers and artists that came before you.

You can't allow yourself to be stressed out by broken schools and equally broken bullies,

or anything that is broken, that is not mean to drive you.

This is your life,

and you are meant to bloom towards greatness.

You must not hide or run away from broken things,

we are all meant to become great beings.

And if you become lonely, use that to your advantage too, [take to the trails](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug),

and remember what Henry said.

"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach,

and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.

I did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear; nor did I wish to practise resignation, unless it was quite necessary.

I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life, to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life,

to cut a broad swath and shave close, to drive life into a corner, and reduce it to its lowest terms..."
