Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Upgrading The High School Diploma To A Real Design Portfolio And Beyond
Thursday • September 23rd 2021 • 9:03:12 pm

School is not good enough,
and after graduation we still need to get a real education.

All those happy students on graduation day,
how can the schools do this?

You probably suspect that your parents are using High School as a babysitter,
and your teachers are giving you a fake education to get paid.

You surely already guessed that you are being pushed into college,
where you will be robbed of all your, and your parents savings.

Yes, your employer will be aware that your High School didn’t matter,
and that the College Diploma requires little more than cramming.

First of all you are in danger of having your education stolen,
and being mislead in life, which may eventually lead to mental health problems.

Fantasies, empty promises, and fake education, eventually do add up,
but they create stress, confusion, feelings of something being wrong.

It is very difficult to catch on, because you don’t know the future,
and you can’t contrast what you have with what you need.

Biographies, narrated books, are your primary source of real information,
and then you need to begin self education.

Stay in school, but do not let it interfere with real education,
keep an eye on the people that are fracturing already, tell them it is all make-believe.

The ones that go first are often very brilliant,
and can make for great authors, artists or leaders.

Their problem is that they think they are stupid,
someone needs to tell them everyone is just memorizing, and that the school is fake.

Too many people are benefiting from fake education,
.

You need to go around them, and give yourself a real education,
by learning from thousands of biographies written by wise people.

Use narrated books to accelerate your learning,
and never make real education second to the fake one - not even for a semester.

I know that design is not for everyone,
and not everybody likes computers - I certainly don’t.

But at the very least, do take the time to see the full picture,
as I hope to present it here.

You are self educating by creating products in the physical world,
products that can be sold as 3D models where .

,
one that you can pass along with your design portfolio.

As far as securing a job goes,
this is the right way.

Documenting your design pr...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...our on-ramp,
start modeling jewelry, wallets, belts and belt accessories.

These things may sound simple to you in the beginning,
but everything here is an explosion of creativity.

When you sit down to something as ridiculous as designing a belt,
next to the 3D printer that you just put together, in front of blender.

3 weeks into it you will master the printing,
and create the most uncomfortable bat belt that people will buy for Halloween.

But here is the trick, you will continue designing all the bat belt modules,
as a way to master Design, and make your portfolio shine.

Eventually, it will occur to you,
that you can build an escape kit, for safety purposes.

Members of the press traveling to a dangerous country,
may wish to pack your escape kit featuring lock-picks, handcuff key and variants, ceramic blades, and so on.

Do you see how something as ridiculous as a belt,
easily transforms into a small niche company.

Lets take jeweler for example, lion rings that don’t look fake on the inside,
that aren’t empty - already creates a unique product line.

Follow through to create a consistent jewelry line that looks beautiful on the inside,
as well as outside,
and allow orders to be made in any kind of metal from inexpensive aluminum to heavy gold - and you have a new company.

Why not give away resin versions,
for free - that’s in expensive advertising.

Every idea, and every burst of creativity, or explosion of possibilities,
creates more ideas.

Your design portfolio,
is just a start, before you know it you will be building tiny companies.

And your real education will take you to heights,
that fake education does not allow for.

In conclusion, tell me who you are more likely to hire,
the college taught with a diploma, or the self taught with an endless portfolio?

People are stealing your educations,
and are making you celebrate fake graduations!

Get mad,
start hard.

Let the 3D printer,
and remind you what it is like to actually learn for real.

And if you do venture into the world of business,
rather than getting a diploma and a job.

Embrace failure,
plan for it, savor it, and enjoy it.

Because business failure,
is both a precious teacher of great wisdom, and a rare gem that will eventually be denied to you.