Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Becoming Cake! Wise Fitness And Bodybuilding Advice
Thursday • January 1st 2026 • 8:03:33 pm

My most beautiful and poetic bodybuilding wisdom,
cautions against lifting heavy and encourages lifting light a lot:

“It is not how heavy you lift, but how long you lift your heavy for”

I want to clarify that the heavy I mention in the end,
is supposed to symbolize, the weight you lift, for an hour or more.

And the first heavy, that I caution against,
is sometimes referred to as “ego lifting”.

And it is absolutely devastating,
lifting maximum weight, wipes out your result instantly.

Precisely, because you can no longer lift for long enough,
for your body - in its 4 billion years of wisdom - to understand what you want.

15 seconds of lifting heavy, maybe equivalent to 3 minutes of lifting light,
and neither is enough to make a huge difference.

Though it is critical to understand, that when lifting light for 3 minutes,
your body will soon adapt to lift light for 5 minutes.

This is the human ape superpower,
we are wise, adaptive, self-repairing, biomechanical monsters, rawr.

And just as critical, is understanding that lifting heavy for 15 seconds,
won’t enable you to lift heavy for 2 minutes.

Heavy may mean that we are cutting off our circulation,
or otherwise crushing our adaptive superpower.

But no one lifting their maximum for seconds,
adapts to lift their maximum for minutes.

Certainly not multiple times,
where you continue and continue adapting until you become an ape.

When you lift light, your body will eventually let you dance with dumbbells,
for hours, and every day.

Just like joggers can run for a couple of hours every day,
unlike joggers, you have to lift a bit heavier when ready.

Which brings us to my second beautiful wisdom,
more powerful as the first, but not as short and poetic.

“Lift light, but not so light that you can lift more,
and never so heavy, that you must stop”

Here you can see how this is the opposite of lifting heavy,
I present lifting heavy as an error, a mistake.

What this advice unfortunately leaves out,
is how long you should lift for.

Beginners, 25 minutes, skinny ladies, 45 minutes,
the average folks one hour, cakes two hours, apes, three.

And to be clear, for freaky fast results, I’ll let you guess,
for fast results, 5 days a week, for maintenance, every other day.

Remember you ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...mmon narrow shoes,
you get deformed.

---

I should also mention the weight vest, Weight Vest,
or more importantly the Tactical Weight Vest, which make you look really cool.

The weight vest, is a free exercise, you put it on after the gym,
and you get a powerful workout, by just doing daily things.

This is another example, of lifting light for a long time,
and you should get a vest that supports configurable weights.

Large people, are very muscular, Precisely because they wear extra weight,
wearing a weight vest daily is an advantage that just can’t be beat.

And again, the weight vest, is a misunderstood product,
because you don’t put it on during exercise like the photo on the box shows.

You put it on when not exercising,
and not sweating

(which is of some note when it comes to, what is, an article of clothing,
that you can’t just toss into the washer, lest you startle your neighbours.)

---

And finally, we arrive at my most precious piece of advice,
something that you can’t have a workout without:

“Hit Every Beat”

Which is to say, you need fresh and interesting music,
that actually makes your body want to flow.

And synchronize your motion with the beats,
one beat up and next beat down.

This will put you in a trance,
that will make time pass faster.


Start with country at first,
and move towards disco and techno as your body adapts.

You can catch your breath between songs,
I almost always put my dumbbells down on the ground.

But don’t stop dancing, cycle your standing dumbbell exercises,

This means that as you work on a specific muscle group,
you let your other muscles rest.

Don’t worry about muscle groups though,
you can only really cycle three dumbbell exercises.

That cover all your muscles, and help them grow in the correct sequence:
dumbbell lateral raise, standing dumbbell curls, and overhead shoulder press.

And here again, unlike with heavy weights, cycling muscle grownups,
prevents your circulation and whatever else from being disrupted.

And you won’t be forced to stop, you’ll just keep on lifting for an hour or more,
allowing your body to adapt to your fitness challenge.

At which point, you gently increase your weights, by no more than 2.5lb,
and your body without ache or complaint, will adapt again.
