Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding For Seniors
Monday • February 23rd 2026 • 9:49:54 pm

For the elderly bodybuilding is about real health,
and pretending to know “how it is done” causes harm.

Doctor sends them in to work on their muscles and joints,
and they must show real results within three or six months.

The belief, that lifting heavy, sets, reps and rest is how it is done,
is cruel because they actually need muscle, and doing it right helps with joints too.

---

If a person can still walk, they must never sit at the gym,
as that only adds to the total of sitting which is nether a workout or healthy.

Sitting or laying down, is not a positive workout,
it is a negative workout, that takes from a person.

Lifting heavy, the act that demands such stabilization,
is not how our bodies grow, it is how teenagers show off.

Our bodies grow the same way,
the legs of a jogger or a hiker grow.

Through prolonged challenge that the body can notice loud and clear,
that is carefully controlled not to crush a person and make them stop.

---

So an elderly person on their first day, must for be tested,
how long can they walk with the frost level weights.

If over an hour, then the weight can be increased,
so that an our overwhelms without crushing a person down.

This is a positive exercise, it challenges the body,
it does not let up, it always leans forward, the person is challenged upward.

Carefully adjusting the weights to be heavier at first when a person is rested,
and then somewhat lighter as the body is under challenge is preferred.

And the person must always start in the beginning,
with 3 pounds for an hour, and skip it only if they can manage more.

The advice I give is “Lift light but not so light that you can lift more,
and never so heavy that you must stop.”

A good Audio Book, and a nice natural park, will take care of the rest,
a gym is not a good place at least at first, because it is a boring box.

A gym is only good, when the weather is bad,
otherwise it will become boring an de-motivational.

Out in nature the scenery always changes,
you can have sandwiches, and happily walk many times the gym distance.

The exercises are light dumbbell exercises, and not standing but walking,
proper posture is as bad as sitting.

Look how many more muscles get a workout,
when you walk with dumbbells.

To get even more muscles, you wait unil the body adapts to current weight,
and add wrist 1.5lb weights, or go directly to the next weight by 2.5 pounds.

---

Think of the workout as an engine, is the person operating smoothly.
or are they sputtering by needing to stop or sit?

When bodybuilding gets real, when it becomes a matter of health,
we put the silly lie of heavier means bigger aside.

And we let the elderly workout for real, by consistently challenging their bodies,
without overwhelming them into stopping.

Let the elderly heal, and gradually build muscle, and gradually get strong,
and gradually walk far and finally live heathy and long.
