Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Of Self Education And Foresight
Sunday • April 18th 2021 • 2:02:01 pm

It is difficult to try to give advice,

that dictates the life ahead, of someone else.

Personally, I would not take out a school loan,

even if theoretically it would only take four years to pay it off.

To me, those four years matter,

as well as the ten years of mounting debt that lead up to it.

I can easily imagine people who don't care about the debt,

and they don't even notice when they pay it off.

By that time, they become a successful Doctor in their community,

they are admired, and often go on fantastic adventures.

In my mind, the schools must pay their students,

a student should never be put in the position of debt.

Especially student debt that can go up to a million dollars and cannot be forgiven by bankruptcy,

there are no guarantees in life, we are too beautiful to be crushed by mounting pressure.

Plus, it is not just about Medical Students or West Point Officers,

this practice of putting students in unforgivable debt, applies to a person who just wants to have a nice college diploma.

Student debt is an error,

it is not fair for the older generation to stress the future of the world.

On top of that, a job or a career,

is just a little thing.

Our ultimate aim in life,

is to become a great being making lasting contributions and leaving an inspirational legacy behind.

Life is a one way road,

you can only amplify forward, and you can't ever go back.

All those shortcuts prized by many, really do work,

but in the most terrible of ways.

The wishes of skipping over the hard things,

are granted, as if by the twisted mind of a genie.

A solid shortcut will bridge the youth with old age,

and make the one doing the skipping none the wiser.

As it often is,

the world too has a few tricks up its sleeve.

Just like I didn't know to call for help when my bullies came,

because I said to myself, it is my fault, I am fat, I have bad grades, and I wont' fight them.

Terrible ,

and , it all too easily flies over our heads.

Already, ,

and likely, .

That is what you are up against,

not only lack of knowledge and experience, but also and .

Incompleteness of things that you are taught to trust,

and would not ordinary think to question.

Moreover, things are already being stolen from you,

.

,

rather than to encourage y...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...will have to educate yourself ahead of time, and only then should you move forward.

Going into a school that is not teaching,

and hoping to graduate, is a mistake.

But, even if you do have a great school,

the idea that it will put you into unforgivable debt for any length of time, and in a world that comes with few guarantees - rings an alarm bell.

Your life must be lived stress free,

more than that, it should be lived beautifully.

The journey that real education represents,

is one of the most beautiful things we will experience in life.

Our progression forward,

is similar to how a flower grows and then blooms.

It is very important that the flower is allowed to grow free,

and not be put through stress or drought.

Finally, as much as there is to be said about career choice,

where, we work, is not everything.

That we grow up and bloom as Great Beings,

and make lasting, positive, and meaningful contributions to the Human Kind is the thing.

A job of career by contrast,

is just a little thing.

And remember that poverty is an error,

that it is not students who should pay school, but schools and employers that should pay students for the privilege of making their institutions better.

Not only that, but a wise world, a just world, is a world that practices the prevention of stressing or fracturing of its people,

it is a world that grants each child a free home, and all the money they will ever require.

In a normal worlds, standardized education is seen as cruel and primitive,

and people learn mostly on their own, but also through a personalized curriculum.

In a real school, there are no teachers,

but tutors that never fail to help a curious student find all the answers they need.

Do you understand the full scope of considering your own future now,

not only do you have to face the unknowns, the fraud, the mediocrity and all the unfinished things...

But you also have to consider,

things not as they are, but as they would be in a well developed and complete, and honest and wise world.

The only way to see yourself in time,

is to take to self education, so that you learn about life, before you have to make life changing decisions.

One way or another,

real education, self education, is something that we can't do without.
