Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Interview Tips: They won't ask you questions that have answers.
Sunday • March 14th 2021 • 8:42:59 pm

So everything you memorized,

goes straight out the window.

You will be thrown against questions without answers,

and judged based on the methods you use to eventually fail.

It is the quality of your thinking,

not the solution of the problem that gets you the position.

---

Supply and demand, money...

you've been made to memorize answers to trick puzzles since high school.

The entrance exams,

are little more than crossword puzzles.

And the whole educational experience between middle school and university, inclusive,

is about people making money off of you.

For the same reason why military does not recruit middle aged men,

why the only go after the ones that didn't have a chance to become wise yet.

Businesses grow in places where there is money,

and there is money in selling promises of futures.

---

And this is not a secret,

especially when it comes to real jobs.

Not jobs that will train you,

but ones that expect you to lead as an innovator.

So the interview process, is not about how many solutions to entrance exam puzzles you memorized,

but about the puzzles that do not come with solutions, at all.

---

I know what you are thinking,

you are not smart enough to lead, and try to solve those problems.

You had a tough time inn school,

and nobody knows the you worked twice as hard.

This isn't about the school at all,

the school is a theater that puts on a play.

The play sustains it self,

it propagates it self, it is self referential, it exist for its own sake.

The twice as hard is there for everyone,

it is there to convince you that it is worth the while.

But, it is not, worth the while,

it is not worth the diploma anymore.

Look at med school,

it is just a few more tests, AND THEN A DECADE OF PRACTICE.

This right here should tell you,

how useful you school is.

---

Hence questions without answers,

questions that test your ability to think outside of the box.

Questions that have nothing to do with formulas or facts you memorized,

and have everything to do with things you have never encountered before.

In deed that you paid for an education,

that you would have gained on your own had you been more responsible is a huge red minus.

You got yourself tricked,

and now you don't even know th...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... yourself that you only had one, and it was ridiculously child like.

Yes, that is what a predisposition for greatness emerges as initially,

a childhood curiosity.

And then as you tend to it it will fork and grow like a large corona,

you will enter stages of Art and Music, Uniqueness and Creativity, you will zoom right past being a Genius and a Polymath, and learn things worth a thousand times more.

So many things, that those asking those interview questions will look infantile,

it will feel like a bunch of actors trying to make themselves look bigger either by caring to much r pretending to care too little.

Enough is enough,

and no, it won't work temporary.

You need those years to grow,

not to rent them out to bigger than thou ding-dongs.

---

Finally, I am canceling your interview tomorrow,

because it is a waste of your time.

Instead you are going shopping to prepare for an expedition,

find the longest Adventure Trail wherever you live, Appalachian, Pacific Crest, whatever, and pack.

Get a Journal and a waterproof marker,

and discover the polymath in you.

When you return,

[build a series of small companies until you learn how to do it right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoqgAy3h4OM).

And never again follow,

and never again let someone tell you who you are, or smart you are, or where you need to be, or how much you are worth to them.

Be mindful of your legacy,

and of those who are being misguided right now, help them learn, prevent them from making the same mistakes you did.

The world stands still, today, the politics are frozen, even the police kills those who they are sworn to protect,

the World can only grow when you and countless others unleash the Genius, the Polymath, and the Greatness, within.

No interview,

you are meant to become a great being.

The World needs you to lead,

no more dumb interviews there isn't a company noble enough, there isn't a company worthy of your time.

This is not the kind of a world,

each generation must progress forward, what you see before you is not fixed, it is just an imperfect stepping stone froward.

Stop letting others search for you,

and set of on an endless adventure to [discover the great being within](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug).
