Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For Contributions To Human Kind
Wednesday • February 24th 2021 • 5:25:53 pm

First of all, I want you to know, that you could win that Prize.

bestowed upon those who made the greatest contributions to humankind.

And that there are multiple pathways,

so as long as you are in the right place, somewhere out on the edge.

It is hard to say a bad thing about it,

but the road there is not perfect.

[The schools are not working](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti9ZsP4wa0Q) for one,

and as always there will be troublemakers and liars along the way.

---

You will be forced to learn strange and ultimately meaningless things to get into a brand name college,

tested by an outdated ever-being-phased-out process, and you need the full 1600 score, to send a message.

You need to [start preparing for the SAT years ahead of graduating high school](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2A0aOqVn3E),

at first your entire education must be structured to unhinge the SAT patterns.

Apply to all the expensive colleges,,

and [learn to relax but keep moving, fast.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aNp6bJCAhU).

You are not going to give the Senior Orator speech,

because to get at the Prize you will not have the time to follow all instructions.

Then you will need to find a lab that is doing cutting edge research,

and begin scanning the unknown for anomalies, don't focus on what seems interesting, so much as what is anomalous and unexplored.

---

You will become a World Class Scientist, you will become a force of science, you will be huge, a perfect expert in your field,

and with a touch of luck easily find something, maybe in anti-aging, or DNA recombination, computer integration.

That will nearly guarantee you the Prize,

it will be a great accomplishment.

Worse comes to worst, it may just be that the Prize Committee is not going to be as forward in their thinking as they should be,

but that will be just as good as the prize, you will know it, the history books will know it.

---

There is a lot of forks in the road, yes,

and the correct paths rely on luck, yes, but you can make your own luck by standing at the fork long enough.

---

Once you get into the university, [the outsider-teacher will say the truth: they don't know if the grades and classes and guidance, will help you at all](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jONxkm62...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...nst you.

And I don't want you to be alone like Elsie,

and the countless many whose names we don't yet know, or may never know.

---

I know that there are people who will help you along the way,

people who monitor those who aim the highest, and help them graduate, and get the job, and the lab, and all they need.

---

But maybe before you set of for that kind of greatness,

you should consider Wisdom, Books and Adventure, Art and Music.

Become Wise first,

and then see what your aims are, then.

Maybe you won't need to take that test,

it's not like it is a real test of real knowledge.

And if you still need a lab,

then why not build one, both for you and those brilliant many who discovered the odds against them to be too overwhelming.

For you and Elsie,

pure research, pure madness, raw talent.

Sometimes, when something stands in your way,

it is a signal that you should build the path you wish you had, for others to walk it.

Maybe the honest school,

we all once needed?

---

There is a man in a video entitled "[What is the Appalachian Trail?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug)",

who at 6 minutes and 27 seconds says:

"[By the world standards I don't have anything, but I stand before you now and tell you, I'm the richest man there is.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPSvdKTEZug\&t=380)"

I think it maybe best that each Human Being should find their Wisdom and Enlightenment,

before, setting their aims.

Rise First, and then help the world grow, and in a way that comes naturally to you, that completes you,

where the path before you isn't against odds, but matches your unique predispositions for greatness.

---

It isn't really about that particular prize,

is it?

It is a call to greatness,

it is a call directly to you.

It is meant to be answered in a way that fits you best,

that makes you better and stronger.

Here you need not worry about odds,

or interference from schools or labs meant to help you.

And you get to read or listen to books that you pick,

and not ones that are picked for you by strangers who can't even tell if any of it will be useful to you.

I say,

dream even bigger.

And if you must, then remember it is not just Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine,

it is also Literature, and Peace.
