Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Independent Inventions; Or, Care And Maintenance Of Mighty Ideas
Monday • August 29th 2022 • 3:51:07 pm

Allow me to explain what an idea is, how it differs from a curiosity,
and why it is important.

A curiosity, is like buying a 3D printer to learn how to use it,
recognizing the fact that not all futuristic inventions are simple.

An idea, is something that jumps out of curiosity for you,
my best printed wallet design, is mostly two layers thick.

You join multiple such layers together to form a wallet,
thin layers of plastic means, it prints really fast.

But also, that you can assemble multi pocket wallets,
which can only be printed standing up, at one pretty annoying angle.

The important of ideas and pursuits of curiosities,
is a very serious subject.

But I will just say, you are not allowed to live your life,
always making somebody else happy.

Often that somebody else is, your job responsibilities, your parents,
and sometimes even your friends, or people you hope to help.

The reason why this is not allowed, is because come our final days,
we have to have memories that will help us laugh at ourselves and our foolishness.

We do not want to lay in bed regretting,
that we always tried to make somebody else happy.

A wonderful person would become sad knowing that you only make others happy,
and they would instead try to help you to make yourself happy first.

When something makes you happy,
then your happiness. will also make all those worthy of happiness, that much happier.

Your ideas are precious, and your foolish ideas,
are tickets to joy and laughter.

Write them down, make them better,
and have the full certainty of knowing that they will take you far.

Further than you think, in fact,
for you should never underestimate an idea.

I’ll prove it to you with my yo mama joke,
that has no doubt been invented and reinvented by others.

In fact,
I give them all the credit for it.

Let me begin by giving you the joke,

“Not only, yo mama’s so fat, that she has other Mamas tidally-locked and trapped in her orbit,
but those Mammas have Moon Mamas orbiting them too.”

As wonderful as this foolishness is,
in my experience, most people, will not be impressed.

Until that traveling distance hits, where the mommas grab you by your mittens,
and you realize, what you got yourself here is one of the worlds most magical paintings.

D...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...es in my portraits cuter,
that I could call my own invention, my own rhythm or measuring instrument.

And I also wanted to do something that would he,p my silly portraits,
have more complex angles and lifting - I didn’t want to paint the same pose others paint.

My initial idea was making a 3D model,
and later on buying a stuffed toy and using that as a model - I was making progress.

But today, I had an idea,
it came out of nowhere, I wasn’t thinking about Lowbrow today at all.

Here is the idea, you know how people say that we find faces of cute kittens,
or baby animals cute, because they remind us of human babies?

Yeah, so my idea is to go on an image search safari across the entire internet,
find the absolutely cutest animals in the most interesting head angles.

And use them as a model for my Adult Human paintings,
that I want to make cutter.

So in my next Lowbrow portrait,
I will start by roughly marking out the positions of lips, nose and eyes on a young kitten.

And in those places, and in a similar scale, place the eyes and node and lips,
of the subject of my painting.

I did compare young kitten photo with placement of features in a painting of one om my favorite Lowbrow artists,
and it was almost an exact match.

The kittens head was too big, but you just paint a human sized head,
maybe wider, maybe with a larger forehead.

But not as wide as the head of a kitten,
compared to their eye/nose placement.

When I tested a more adult cat photo,
the eyes were way to high, and far too small.

Now this isn’t just for kittens,
I am just testing things.

I mean to try this method on all the cute creates of the world,
and I am really looking forward to all the interesting angles I will be working on.

I don’t doubt that many other people had the same idea,
in fact, .

A lot of people would think to themselves,
but I am not a fan of painting animals.

As smart as cats are,
they don’t have jobs, and can’t pay me.

Which wold bring the to say,
I will paint a human face, with the same proportions.

Though many other people giggle about Mommas gravitating round other Mommas,
at 2AM, I call it “Independent Invention”.

In that I independently arrived at the same idea
as they did.

And I want to stress,
that All Ideas have Legs.