Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Humanity Must Advance
Tuesday • August 24th 2021 • 4:25:18 pm

Humanity's advancement forward,
must be our primary concern.

By standing still,
we make room for liars and parasites.

The sustained momentum with which we move forward,
should be one of our greatest treasures.

The pressure to stop advancing,
can only come from those who benefit from illness.

These boogie man tales of economic collapse,
arising from people no longer struggling in poverty - are lies.

This is the same pattern of behavior,
that kept slaves from rising.

Doomsday Tales, Overwork, Uneducation,
are the tools of a slave owner.

Building walls while telling each other that people over the next border,
are bad, or different, or not us, or criminal.

Is very similar to to slave owners were not telling their slaves,
about great cities, about happy and friendly people - the uprisings were prevented from occurring, because nobody knew anything to rise to.

No one should be allowed
to benefit from poverty, war, misery, crime, uneducated consumers, uninformed patients, and cheap employees.

Someone dialed the wrong number this morning,
and this is a voice message I got at 3 AM, PLAYS a little later, I got another one PLAYS

These recordings show how crime creates money, $20 at a time,
it is a massive industry, that with the way things are - will never be stopped.

Ashley Williams, who you may remember from the "" event,
might have been in part inspired by 's "".

That goes into more detail,
about the prison industry.

It is very difficult to spot the companies that are making money,
because most of them will put up beautiful messages about keeping families connected.

How not to appreciate that kind of work,
and dedication and foresight.

Because these companies, do nothing to prevent crime,
they position themselves to feed on families that were just ripped apart.

See normal people would make this communication free,
the real super-predators say PLAYS

There would be no moneymaking here,
no premium communication programs, no we need your credit card first.

A normal person would never think of making money here,
but a evil person bates people into signing up with a free weekly phone call - an option which didn't originally exist, according to their website.

Please note how hard it is to see the evil behind all this,
on the surface, and ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... 3D printers, and other temporary curiosities that expand the mind, that help us grow.

Where will the gas station robberies be,
where even the most desperate person in the world will have money.

Today, we laugh at the idea of free money,
but tolerate the idea that some people need prison, for doing things that keep their heads from falling apart from... poverty.

This is why, growing all the way up,
and adding to the momentum with which Humanity is advancing must be one of the most important things on our mind.

There is nothing acceptable about the disproportionate mass incarceration of people fractured by poverty,
and there is nothing wrong, with ending poverty.

Rather than putting in an effort into collecting phone sensor data for the purposes,
of catching all the criminals in the world.

We just need to put effort into preventing crime,
by ending poverty.

And by ending poverty, we also end wage slavery, we also end businesses that that make money,
off of moms needing to talk to their sons, who suffered poverty on a degree that pushed them into addiction, a punishment that is no doubt far greater than any prison.

By ending poverty we give people time,
to think, to learn.

We give the children time to grow up,
without fracturing from poverty.

The problem of mass incarceration become so great,
that we have begun decriminalizing drugs to keep children out of prison.

But that also sends the wrong message, it sends the message of using drugs and alcohol to treat problems that arise from the global state of poverty,
chemically induced productivity, no slaver could ask for more.

,
World Poverty must end.

By not ending world poverty,
we are enslaving the future generations to all these broken ideas, and then some.

To begin today, all we have to do,
is help the children understand that prisons are wrong, that using money to keep wall street and military rich, and people poor - is madness.

We must stop acting in a way that indoctrinates children into this culture of injustice,
the shortest path there, is to help children to the great and life changing narrated books at the local library, books like ""

And above all help them reject fake or ineffective education,
and understand that that Knowledge begets Wisdom, and Wisdom begets Greatness.
