Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Fun Little Road Towards Inventing New Things
Thursday • December 2nd 2021 • 9:43:19 pm

It is not easy to figure out if you are an inventor or not,
and it is all to easy to judge ourselves by lack of ideas.

Personally, I believe we are all inventors,
but I know a lot of people have their curiosities elsewhere.

,
.

While inventing does not always have to end in sales,
.

Making a little bit of money along the way,
can be a neat motivational force and a fun reward.

,
so as long as they are fed filament, they will just keep printing day and night.

I often mention 3D printing because it is a powerful example,
of self education, creativity and invention.

But there are many other areas that are worth exploring,
some can still produce physical objects.

For example ordering cut sheet metal from a local company,
can result in .

,
.

But physical products can be trouble,
and can cause worry.

There are some exceptions such as ,
which applies to both books and 3D printed objects and jewelry.

And they hint on the simplest approach to inventing to inventing new things,
and that is dealing with digital things, even if just images.

For example ,
can become quite an adventure.

You would need to search for beautiful textures,
and just take photos and share and sell.

There may not be a lot of money in digital sales,
but it is a fantastic stepping store towards becoming an inventor.

Making just a few dollars with a unique idea,
can be all you need to launch you on a path towards becoming an inventor.

Beyond Photography, to continue the example above,
you will find programming.

More specifically automatically generating interesting backgrounds,
or as it is called.

This is one of many interesting ways,
to get started with programming and .

As you can imagine you don't have to generate 2D graphics,
you can take your knowledge of graphic programming right back to 3D printing.

And automatically generate 3D art,
so what begins as selling some photos, and abstract art, can take you to an entirely unexplored area.

Abstract 3D sculptures,
that never repeat.

The path towards invention is about creating something,
with flexible tools that won't hold you back.

3D Modeling, Drawing-Robots, Digital Photography, and Programming,
are all example of flexible tools that can get you started.

And you don't have to start with an invention,
you just need to start by creating anything, for sale, display, or just fun.

Invention, is found in the act of improving your favorite creations,
of dreaming up ways to make them more useful, or better.

So as long as you are creating,
you never get stuck inventing.