Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your First Programming Business; Or, Learning Programming The Easy Breezy Peasy Wheezy Way
Sunday • October 16th 2022 • 9:56:44 pm

At the moment the most popular code editor,
is worse than an ad infested 1998 website.

When the first thing you touch in the world of programming,
is insanely broken, and irreversibly unusable.

This means, you are NOT entering the bright and shiny future,
but rather; wild, wild, west...

With gold still scattered,
among all the streams.

You should understand that programming is starting just now,
JavaScript has multiple server-side run times...

And the only thing that is any good on a smartphone,
is the browser.

For the app lovers out there,
soon you will have to wait 10 minutes for the ads to finish.

And just about as much in your paid apps too,
start making your way back tot the browser.

---

The technology stack is JavaScript, HTML, CSS,
it has been like this for a long time, and it is going to stay that way.

It is not too bad to venture into modern Perl, or Java,
and even stare at some python, ruby, rust, and go.

But if you want your app to have users,
it needs to be on the internet the first day you think about it.

If it is any good,
the first day.

---

And you can only achieve that with programming,
ABOVE programming.

And that means, the process of building an application,
is similar to creating a series of articles on a WikiWiki or the Wikipedia.

You type in your application name,
you get a pretty blue link, just like on WikiWiki.

You click on it,
and it says, "This application interface does not yet exist, do you want to create it?"

You click create, and you will have to define what the user must have,
email, and membership up until the end of the month.

And then you describe the first component on this page,
you speak the basic [Behavior Driven Development][1] and move on to the next page.

You may describe a homepage, product catalog, checkout,
or giving the user half an article to read, and then asking them to sign up to get at the rest.

Or you maybe independently inventing,
this very program, to which I say use Bootstrap and Svelte and make it mobile first.

It is just a simple wiki, and if you use lite Open Source PouchDb,
then it will work offline too.

Don't worry about programming, yet,
focus on describing your invention.

---

See, the most powerful version of meta-programming,
is a BDD description of a program, where you can set small bounties for every feature.

And have other programmers,
do the programming for you.

It is good to learn programming,
but to program large applications you will need many programmers.

So a meta-program, helps other programmers,
program the application you describe.

They may receive $9 per feature,
and $90 per day.

Having mapped everything out,
sometimes even attached pencil drawings of the interface.

You can help investors understand,
what it is that you are trying to create.

---

It is very unfortunate,
that this simple program does not yet exist.

But maybe you, perhaps along with your classmates,
can learn programming, and program it the old way.

You'd create a new market for custom program components,
many can submit the code to get at the $9, but only one will take it home.

Though others will be recognized as active users,
and rise in ranking.

---

It is a Wild Wild West out here,
the bright new world of programming, the sky scrapers, and highways, and tele-commuting...

Has not yet arrived, it won't get here,
for another hundred, of digital years, which are shorter than real years.

Git your programming hat on,
stake your clam, (Hi Yo Silver, Hoyyy!) and start inventing.

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydddSkVz_a8
