Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Undulations Of Human Kind; Or, On Escaping Indoctrination And Becoming A Citizen Of The World
Tuesday • January 24th 2023 • 11:03:25 pm

Who or what has us trapped?
we do, we do it to ourselves.

---

Richard Dawkins says, it is an evolutionary adaptation,
the kids that don’t listen to adults and test the Hippo or Snake, don’t survive.

We ere suffering from a genetic blight,
we don’t seek to cure it, because, it prevents us from seeing it.

Lots of predators, adapted to be invisible,
heck, the movie Predator is about an invisible creature.

But, let us not personify or anthropomorphize the ailment,
rather let us recognize that we are suffering from this blight…

Because it comfortably piggy-backs,
on our blind spots.

To rephrase it, humanity’s blind-spots,
are a great place to hide and thrive.

---

This was never a huge secret,
the reason modern religions combine the religious beliefs all the cults they displaced.

Is because of deliberate efforts, to use the evil of this blight,
to make a city, or build a nation, or take a little bit of coin from a lot of people.

Military today is recruiting teenagers with clever commercials, computer games, and later, praise,
praise ensures that their kids will also see military as a height to strive for.

And teachers are semi-aware that they are hearding yonug people,
though the many bull-pens of bull-shit with grades, threats, and carrots on a stick.

The real reason why you are told that you won’t always have a calculator on hand,
but at the same time forced memorize things without comprehension.

Is that your teacher needs to get paid, compared to your teachers paychecks,
you mean nothing.

If you meant anything, at all, each class you chose to take,
would leave you shaping, crushed, by new superpowers.

In case you don’t believe me, I invite you to train your eyes on the wall or screen proector in your artclass,
it was origuianlly called Camera Obscura, more recently Camera Lucida.

Try to imagine yourself projecting a selfie of a person you adore on a canvas,
and be free to make them smile, to make them see you.

And now listen to the teacher, dirty-ass live models, hand-eye-coordination,
and when you turn your back, you are hormones to her, or if you are a man, sometimes a pig.

---

Music theory, is even worse, I refuse to write about forced finger practice,
that is an evil, that these poems wi...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...red narrated books to reenergize yourself in no time.

---

The people who naturally notice indoctrination are the outsiders,
the outsiders are the positive anomalous, and always for a reason.

The bad guys, the negative, when pulling out of indoctrination,
will often have a very difficult time.

No one ever effectively convinces themselves,
that whatever they did to become a bad person wasn’t their fault.

I always encourage them to stand guard,
at their point of no return, to find meaning in preventing others from fracturing the same way.

We should do the same, and never forgive bullies,
this is our way of guarding points of no return.

In collaboration with the other side, we build a wall to prevent the little ones from reacting points of no return.

In that way, there is a forgiveness,
in never forgiving, who would have thought.

---

The traveler is the first kind of person that sees indoctrination naturally, in a healthy way,
the moment a Human steps into two different cultures at once, they snap out of both.

The abused and the the castaways, that rose above pain, and became,
Thinkers, Creators, Leaders, and thus coherent and whole.

Have a more abrupt if not brutal exit, from indoctrination
and they do not need two separate cultures to see both as theater,

Once betrayed, they wisely reject all cultures,
and never return to any, thus becoming Great Citizens of The World.

---

Robert Ardrey helps us find compassing for ourselves,
a forgiveness for the Dark Ages, that have so snuck up on us, and linger to this day in Humanity’s blind-spots.

“But we were born of risen apes, not fallen angels, and the apes were armed killers besides.

And so what shall we wonder at? Our murders and massacres and missiles,
and our irreconcilable regiments?

Or our treaties whatever they may be worth;
our symphonies however seldom they may be played;
our peaceful acres, however frequently they may be converted into battlefields;
our dreams however rarely they may be accomplished.

The miracle of man is not how far he has sunk but how magnificently he has risen.

We are known among the stars by our poems, not our corpses.”

[0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sRvkaxh8EU
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zwmum5_ofU
