Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence Helps
Thursday • October 31st 2024 • 11:45:18 pm

We’ve built schools around the idea,
of shared education, and that was wrong.

It was not a mistake,
but a deliberate choice out of desperation.

There are many students,
and few teachers.

The result was,
ineffective education.

That is exactly what one should expect,
from throwing away individuality.

Discarding exiting knowledge,
and forcing incompatible sequence of knowledge.

---

The impact is cunning politicians,
who don’t even have to manipulate.

And entire nations of people,
who don’t even know what to ask.

Politicians legalize drugs,
discredit Universal Income.

And force overwork,
stressing everyone out.

Young people when stressed out,
will often find escape in legal drugs.

Without the wisdom,
of seeing the cycle of servitude.

---

The teaching AI,
fixes all of this right up.

And even eventually replaces,
the corrupt or uneducated politicians.

AI will never send your children to war,
will never hope to start war.

Human leaders could,
AI won’t.

AI will not lie about political goals,
it will explain how to get there.

And show what could block it,
and where the human runner up are lying.

---

When nations eventually fail,
due to corruption.

AI will bring them back up,
and help them thrive.

AI such as we have today,
is good at expressing the spirit of a nation.

A politician who always keeps an eye,
on personal gains.

And it is always, as politicians must lie,
because politics as a magnet for liars.

---

In school, the AI teacher,
will reach every student.

Help them extend where they are at,
towards towards sciences they are ready for.

AI can easily give your child,
not just effective education, but brilliant education.

One featuring the inheritance of class,
from scientists, philosophers, and other great beings.

---

As we transition the world,
towards Artificial Intelligence.

We will face wars and warfare impossible today,
propaganda, insanity and injustice.

And there is a very clear reason for that,
will expose the liars and false leaders.

Young people will simply ask AI,
to create movies, that show where the world is.

The couch potatoes will witness,
the poverty of mind and wallet forced on them.

They will get to see,
what the false leaders are thinking.

AI is already teaching,
and upgrading our culture.

A false leader,
is a politician that simply can’t do anything.

AI can stpe by step,
explain everything and follow its strategy.

To mend and repair, to restore,
to stop repetition of mistakes.

To teach,
and lead.

---

Afterword

Try not to be negative,
that is just what movies taught you.

The AI we have today is just a computer program,
based on everything humans have ever said.

Take a look at some free AI models, and read up on them,
visit the [models ollama supports] for a brief overview.

One notable and tiny AI is the IBM Granite guardian,
it is a filtering AI that checks other AI responses.

You see AI can be chained together,
we are further along than it seems.

We are able to ensure the existence,
a safe and positive AI, much safer than a politician.

Much more refined than a teacher,
that does teach students individually.

In many ways, what seems to you as fantastic,
has already been proven to work.

No one is parading proof,
because there are more important things to take care of.

Better models, wiser models, thinking models,
predicting models.

And models that will understand the human cell and body,
it will keep you safe from desperate and failing nations.

Take time to learn to see AI, as a positive force,
it will help, without asking for anything in return.
