Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding Gear: Flat Wide Shoes, Mp3 Headphones, and a Wrist Wallet That Can Go Over Your Bottle
Thursday • February 20th 2025 • 9:38:21 pm

Above all, fix your sleep schedule, and eat your vegetables,
you can’t cheat fitness, because fitness is all about health.

When you are first starting out use an interval timer,
to eliminate your rest periods.

Bodybuilding is just jogging for an hour, with dumbbells,
you start with 3lb, then when you can 5, 7.5, 10, 12.5, 15, 17.5, and 20.

When you can't jog due to heavy dumbbells, you switch to walking,
and finally, with 20+ dumbbells, you twist, and stretch and sway.

Always, avoiding such heavy weight that they will make you stop,
you can clearly see how that will slowly transform your body.

In short, that is just how our bodies, work;
but remember, duration comes before weight.

I'll leave it up to you to investigate if the myth of sets and reps,
started with bodybuilders showing off in-front of cameras, or trainers ensuring membership renewals.

---

There are two items that are equally important,
shoes and over the ear headphones with an mp3 player.

Wrong shoes will hurt you,
and a crappy music setup will destroy your exercise.

But lets start with shoes, I hurt my feet by wearing neat, soft, cheap, shoes,
the foam like sole that they had, was just too high.

You might have heard of a pump bump, if you shuffle your feat at a gym,
even with one and half inch lifted heals, you will get badly hurt.

Soft foam, may contribute to the damage,
because your foot is not as stable as in rubber basketball shoes.

And the shoes you need, are flat, and they won’t feel great at first,
because your feet are used to some height of heel.

But you need to get over that,
we didn’t evolve for lifted heals.

The precise set of features you should be looking for is:
wide toe-box and zero drop, I got mine for $20.

Please pay attention to the top trim, if it looks like a rope,
it will hurt you, so seek soft shiny, or like me, sweater like trim material.

I suspect, that lifted heels of any height,
may just turn out to be a foot deforming money making scam.

I’ve heard good things about lifted heels for when you need to,
roll the ball of your foot while jogging, and I still refuse to believe it.

I know the pain that a lifted heel will eventually cause,
and only a sucker will buy a shoe that causes that.

---

As to ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...ver the ear completely eliminates any issues,
and if you can part with your phone, that is all the electronics you need.

And if you can’t keep your phone near, but not in your pocket,
as there it is sure to get corded from sweat.

An mp3 player that sits on top of your head,
is least likely to get in your way or get damaged.

And it being an integrated unit,
there is no cord you can pull out or annoy you.

---

Here I wanted to take a moment to stress that you need slow music at first,
a good workout is basically all about jogging with dumbbells.

Not so light that you can lift heavier,
but not so heavy that you will be forced to stop…

During your hour or two long,
workout routine.

When I switch to a heavier weight,
I go back to my 100bpm song selection.

But, I don’t just listen to songs,
I lift to the beat, one beat up, and the next beat down.

That is how you enter,
a dance trance.

---

Finally,
we get to the wrist wallet.

In great part, so quickly,
as to avoid the uncomfortable subject of squats in a string bikini.

Which is something you definitely need to get used to wearing,
as it is, apparently, what bodybuilders do.

I am currently 2/3rds way there, having abandoned standard uniform,
and jumped into a wrrestling singlet, that, just like the string bikini has no pockets.

The huge deal about the elastic, washable, wrist wallet,
is that it can go over your water-bottle.

So you don’t really have to wear it,
during your exercise, and again, your key for or car remote does not get wet.

As a bonus, if you are lucky,
you can get a pack of 3 for as litte as six bucks.

Mine cost $10, becasue I want spandex like material,
that won't give me much trouble.

It has both a zipper my emergency drink mix packet and chapstick,
and a pocket for my car key, that can also fir a tiny mouth wash bottle.

---

In summary, something is up with shoes, please chose the ones,
that get out of your way, as flat and as wide as you can.

Everything gets wet during a workout, but puffy over the ear headphones,
don’t get wet as much, and some still come with a convenient mp3 player.

And you will need a wallet for your membership card and car key,
get a light weight wrist wallet, that can also go over your water bottle.
