Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Two Socks Enter, One Sock Leaves; Or; Angry Washer Repair
Friday • December 20th 2024 • 12:15:38 am

If you don’t want to replace the agitator,
and do things the expensive way, read on.

Which includes waiting for appointments that give a range,
from 6AM to 11PM, forcing you to take an entire day off to pamper a fraudulent repair man.

Or buing another washer, from a salesman that knows they only last a year or two,
who gets sick pleasure from watching people crawl back in questionably-clean clothes.

Then this text is for you,
but this is not the correct way to fix your washer.

It is a way to fix it wrong,
that may eat a sock or two evey few years.

However, while you should use your best judgement,
this gets stuff working again for just about $6 bucks.

---

The short version, is that your agitator is made of plastic,
to protect your clothes, and becasue it is cheap.

But the rod uponwhich the agitator is affixed,
is metal, so it is metal against plastic, and plastic wears.

It will be either replacing agitator dogs,
or using strong two part epoxy to glue the base.

For full advice, search your favorite video website for repair videos,
please lookup "a washer diagram" on the internet first to learn component names.

You will learn better visually,
from other repair videos.

My main contribution to your repair,
is letting you know that internet is full of repair videos.

What follows is just a long meandering story,
with a few anectodes a long the way.

---

My apartment has seen three washers now,
the original handsome brown 1980 model.

A new one that lasted only a few years,
before the agitator columnn stop spinning.

And the current one,
which broke just this week.

And it was the agitator again,
I own a top loading model.

Where the agitator,
extends full length of the drum.

It is a good idea, the clothes not only rotate back and forth,
but also up and down.

The agitator is full lentgh of the drum,
because it is two agitators.

The base, that rotates left and right.
and the upper screw that pulls clothes up.

Making them travel up and away to the side wall,
and around.

---

Even so, no one should need to by a washer every few years,
so I decided to investigate what the hell is going on.

I unnecessarily looked under the washer first,
I tested that the belt seemed OK and that there was no plastic residue from gears....

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...rew in,
as the epoxy will get into the screw thread.

I told you to put a roll of paper in there,
but no, who does that? Whatever… lol.

With the epoxy in the screw hole,
you need a way to clean it, or just put everything together.

In the future, you will never be able to replace those dogs,
if you epoxy the screw in place.

Be careful not to get epoxy into the screw hole,
but if you do, and you don’t wan to to mess with it.

You will now take bad repair with epoxy,
to a new level, when your dogs go bad.

You will need to weld that with epoxy too,
meaning that the top column will not just move one way.

But rotate,
just the same way as the base.

It won’t tear up your clothes,
but if stuff gets stuck the bottom of the washer, will break next.

There are probably plastic gears in there,
and those may not be an easy fix, though I’ve seen it done.

---

Bottom line is this, you pay for your washer,
it should work for ages.

But today’s washers fail after a couple of years,
you can either keep calling the repair person, or get a new one.

Or just weld the plastic parts shut,
it is bad repair, the plastic is meant to fail at a certain point.

It has been tested, and a reasonable company,
that cares for details will see that as a safety mechanism.

If you get something stuck in there,
you rip the bottom agitator or dogs, and need to call for repair.

The right way to control something being stuck,
is in the software, in the micro controller that controls the cycle.

Cheap washers, under some popular brand name,
just destroy the agitator, and expect you to pay.

It will be a lot more than $7 for epoxy,
and they will just replace the plastic.

They will not upgrade the micro-controller,
to sense stress on the motor and wisely stop the cycle.

Letting you remove the stuck clothes,
and protecting the agitator assembly.

Using epoxy, is bad repair,
but you’ve been tricked into paying for an inferior product.

---

How many times will you replace the agitator,
how many washers are you going to buy?

Because that is the number, where you finally snap,
and spend seven bucks on bad ass epoxy that welds the con game shut.

Interestingly turning your washer drum into a thunder-dome,
where two socks enter, and sometimes just one sock leaves.
