Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

All Too Human
Friday • August 16th 2024 • 10:38:13 pm

The experiment of life runs in parallel across the entire vastness of space,
you emerged in one of the lucky patches where everything went mostly right.

You are a product of a lot of time, a lot of space, and a lot of chaos,
a lucky permutation of fundamental principles of the universe.

One of the great Universal milestones is emergence of consciousness,
the ability to reason and grow.

You are chemically, biologically, psychologically, and sociologically,
bound to planet earth, though that will change.

There are other conscious beings,
the first one we will meet will be made by us.

A self modifying, or reasoning and growing,
conscious intelligence.

Some of the animals on planet Earth will gain consciousness,
and five billion years we are likely take to the stars.

We will have evolved by that time, into very different beings,
after all 65 million years a go, we were but a clever little mouse.

Who burrowed to survive the asteroid impact,
that destroyed all the large creatures.

---

Consciousness is a kind of a computer,
a very flexible and fluid one.

All on its own, it is purely abbot survival,
and raw human beauty.

In comminutes, we begin accumulating wisdom,
which is our operating system.

A consciousness can be corrupted,
with bad programming, and a few other nasty things.

Religions are an example of bypassing wisdom,
and directly telling people what to do with commandments.

Humans void of wisdom, however,
will attack feeling that their existence is threatened.

[A religion’s hold is temporary][1],
but when pressed into a community.

Where one leaves,
another will take up the slack.

It is an infinite loop, a self propagating meme,
a bubble that is often used, against humanity, because it lack wisdom.

Whether the aim is halt of progress, or division, of a community of voters,
a simple workforce, a step back against human rights, some mad justification, or just war.

Another example, and just as powerful as religion are Corporations,
that very much operate like computers.

And ignore Human well being, from stress,
to being the cause of pollution, disease and again, war.

There are many examples of bad operating systems,
and in every case, they have all ended, or will end in deep regret.

With the same whimper, muttering the same words...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...
before your doctor tries to fix it.

All doctors are good, but ot all doctors honor the wisdom of the Hippocratic Oath,
where prevention is proffered to treatment.

So __you__ have to fix problems,
before they begin.

---

To test if you have a problem,
try to listen to a beautiful narrated book something about adventure and knowledge.

If you are too distracted to listen, enjoy, and learn,
then you are unwell.

---

Which is what adventure is for,
it pulls you out of stress.

The first few days feel like regret, like you are destroying something,
but that is just the toxic stuff leaving your thoughs.

Unlike wisdom, blind control needs to be constantly driven into you,
once you take to nature, and break the pipeline.

You will regain your ability to learn, to see beauty,
to hear chipmunks and birds.

To feel calm,
and even balance and courage in the face of thunderstorms.

---

You begin with overview of philosophers,
starting with Socrates but also pre-socratics.

And as you learn and re-listen you begin playing the game,
of spot the false leader.

You see, the good guys don’t win as often as you were lead to believe,
liars will easily out compete an entire congress of wise men.

After all wisdom is hard earned,
and pretending to be wise is child’s play.

And when you get tired of history,
listen to books about about adventure.

Because it is really hard to forge a good adventure book,
what makes an adventure book good is that every step is honest.

---

Aside from fake education and bad operating system,
poverty is used to turn a crappy economy.

And for this,
you will need to learn programming.

Start with modern [JavaScript][2],
as it branches out into most technologies.

The minor point of learning programming,
is to create a series of small side-project and startups, until one sticks.

The major point, is to stop being scared of poverty,
and continue learning on towards your own ends.

---

From a universal perspective,
you are a learning consciousness.

But you must also realize that this is a processes,
you may never stop growing up.

You must grow all the way up,
until you become a great being.


[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Clergy_Project
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HerCR8bw_GE&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6Zy51Q-x9tMWIv9cueOFTFA
