Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence And Value
Thursday • February 26th 2026 • 9:02:58 pm

I kept my second AI, and ran more tests on my third one,
I was working on multiple programs again.

I continue coming across situations where they get stuck and learn,
they read code, check errors, and make a note when they advance.

The smart one was helping me with video generation,
the learning one wads building a mind mapping application.

And my local one, whose intelligence I was not able to test yet,
was using the mind mapping application to map out the next project.

---

They were each extremely successful effortlessly producing value,
the smart one modified AI videos to use video files not camera.

The learning one created native drop-down menus in desktop version,
a handsome floating menu with the same structure in web mind-maps.

And my local one was going over a new application framework,
which changes the way we program.

It creates a split-able tree for laying out web panes,
by default makes all application features plugin and command based

They took care of a year of programming,
in just three days.

---

I ask them to emphasize code quality,
I try to box them in even though they seem to be doing well.

This is what the plugin architecture is about,
an application based on plugins can have its parts easily replaced.


---

The value of a project is not determined by good architecture,
but by function, what does your program do that is so valuable.

Good examples pf program that create value are video editors,
and you should think of videos as just still frames.

Digital audio workstations, that have a piano roll,
and beat sequencer, similar to that automated player piano.

And my personal favorite Mind Mapping programs,
fancy name for concept mapping with bit of text.

Integrating concept mapping with artificial intelligence means,
that you aren't just building the concepts out, node by node.

You can now have AI explore or unfold, or as I added today,
deep research entire new branches of information.

And you aren't just relying on AI which may not have all the answers,
but you attach relevant documents that get broken down into concepts.

With video you send frames around,
with audio you generate sound that you then compose together.

But with concept maps you are creating that rare and precious value,
where is someone could just spend a couple of hours with your maps.

Well, they would become wiser for it,
and be able to built their own world in better way.

Mind mapping with AI is an interactive process,
you choose which of the several outline nodes need more nodes.

This value,
is where poverty goes to die.

---

Artificial intelligence is no longer stoppable by new things,
it now follows problem solving guessing and learning from failure.

Whatever AI was couple of weeks ago has completely changed,
today that re learning machine that can easily defeat poverty.


