Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Going And Sleeping In The Woods
Wednesday • July 7th 2021 • 9:15:49 pm

It has been said that in order to become a Real Mountain Woman, or a Mountain Man,
one has to shit in the woods - but that is completely wrong.

No matter how distant the expedition, I always brought a second tent with me, I had a battery powered fan in there,
a mirror, toiletries, and all the things that a Sophisticated and Cultured Mountain Man requires.

I know that this may invite ridicule from all the Unsophisticated and Uncultured,
but I at least independently invented the second tent, and I am proud of my invention.

In all the harsh adventures that I have been through,
I have always been neatly smelling, clean shaven, and beautiful.

Now that we took care of business,
let me talk about sleeping in the woods in a slightly more serious fashion.

Unless you are in Bear Country, where they have Wolves, Grizzlies, and Venomous Snakes...
the most dangerous thing there is, that can get you, is your knife, or axe.

Always wear cut proof gloves and prefer a foldable saw over an axe,
cut away from yourself and your hands, and have a first aid kit ready.

Personally, I went to a hardware store, went to the wood working section,
and bought the meanest, sharpest and most expensive handsaw I could find.

I was always the first to gather my firewood,
I just mounted the saw on the outside of my backpack so it never caused any trouble.

If you are going to sleep in Canadian Wilderness, you will need a rifle, maybe a sidearm,
I don't know if bear spray is a good idea, frankly it sounds like a spice, well, unless you get it in addition to your firearms.

And if you are going alone consider learning to ride a Horse so that she can keep watch duty while you sleep,
.

Wilderness like Nordhouse, or any wilderness without danger signs,
may have some Black Bears, but these are Raccoon minded.

They may charge you, but if you make yourself bigger and meaner by extending your arms and yelling loudly,
or just going for their jugular with your teeth, .

Always have a safe fire going before it gets dark,
you start a fire by lighting match sized sticks, and then just go up in size, adding bigger an bigger sticks.

I used to bring a fire starer with me,
which is basically wood fiber and candle wax.

They light easy, and keep going until large sticks are aflame,
o...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... the trails and sleeping in a tent,
will prevent all tick problems.

As to mosquitoes, use a repellent in the shape of a smoldering stick,
and then spray yourself as well, watch out for the hot ash when moving the stick, and don't put it too close to your tent.

So we arrive at the conclusion of this text,
and a couple of short stories about my private personal experiences, of sleeping alone in the woods.

One time, I was playing chicken with a distant Thunder Storm,
I watched it out on the horizon for a long time, it was very far away but I could the the flashes of Lightening.

I was staying atop a dune,
in an elevated location.

As my eyes got used to darkness,
the Dune Grass begun glowing with blue static electricity.

I lost that chicken game real fast,
and move my camp to a temporary but safer location in the woods.

It didn't rain,
the storm remained on the horizon until it turned to rain on the other side of Lake Michigan.

On another occasion, I've noticed some party goes out on the less wild side of the woods,
it looked like they were drinking and getting ready for a party.

I gathered my firewood, had a fire and a fine sausage, no spices, no ketchup, just the meat,
it was from a gas station but it tasted like the finest snacks.

, put on an Audiobook,
and quickly fell asleep.

And woke up just as quickly, and it was 11PM, or maybe 1AM,
and it sounded scary, it was a scream, it was getting closer.

My first thought was, Witches and Witchcraft, I sighed as I pulled out my Hunting knife,
and readied for battle.

When I awoke a little bit more,
, and it sounded exactly like a fox, but longer.

By this time it was even closer,
so I decided to press my headphones deeper-in, and go to sleep.

Later, I heard multiple voices, and realized one of the tipsy people went to their car,
and then confused the terrain, they actually needed to walk another five minutes to get to their camp, where they were at was just an area damaged by a tornado.

I did want to go and help, but they should not have gone alone, and they obviously had alcohol in their system, plus they weren't in any danger out there,
the last thing this person needed was to see a neatly smelling Mountain Man crawl out of the woods and start babbling something about screaming foxes.