Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Education: Your Own Creation
Saturday • November 27th 2021 • 8:17:28 pm

Grow, but don't let the world push you,
as happiness is meant for you too.

Don't worry about grades,
the dog and pony show eventually fades.

And you wont find much of real knowledge,
in college.

Just focus on taking classes you like,
maybe hope to fix education by going on strike.

You can only learn when studying on your own,
we learn best when we study alone.

Even if what you memorized was useful,
you'd still miss out on every invention and tool.

Knowledge is not just about knowing,
but about everything being connected and flowing.

You have to independently invent your own way,
and do in a way that feels like play.

There is nothing to advance by leaping over everything,
reinventing is how ideas spring.

To cram for tests and leap into a career,
is to forget how life is dear.

We are neither machines nor cogs in one,
to blindly fulfill a task until we are done.

We are beauty, poetry and nature,
and it matters what our lives feature.

We have to set off to search for wisdom,
we are not to blindly take part in any system.

Knowledge gives way to wisdom and boundless creativity,
and without an ounce of any kind of negativity.

Wisdom will call to you to become great,
you find greatness in the timeless things you create.

Please, be careful with subject divisions,
as they will prevent you from making correct decisions.

Maths is not a subject for one,
and you cannot just learn it and be done.

Math is always part of something magnificent,
trying to learn it directly is an impediment.

Math shouldn't be a real word,
learning it directly is absurd.

or a ,
because the math teacher is not doing you any favors.

All the subjects are divided wrong,
cut up like this they cannot belong.

Composing music has nothing to do with notes or the piano,
or learning how to sing soprano.

,
reinvent new notes from raw frequencies to start a new trend.

,
it will teach you all the things that you are not aware.

It will calculate all the voltages and resistors for you,
and then generate a professional circuit you can view.

For , for pixel art,
use your patience and heart.

Art does not need study as it is for all,
that has always been the goal.

You can't without too,
model from your imagination and make it come true.

Do no allow anything to disrupt your education,
and your body of knowledge should be your own creation.

Do not let anything push you around,
as that is a sure way to run aground.

Paint your life like an artist paints a canvas in time,
a life aught to rhyme.