Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Do Not Let Schools Trick You, You Are Very Smart
Saturday • March 6th 2021 • 7:36:56 pm

What we learn must be meaningful to us, it has to make us happy and fulfilled,

and that means we must make that choice ourselves, out of curiosity, or passion.

We cannot be asked to learn Mathematics,

and when we get stuck given a calculator.

For one,

You are a Miracle Of The Universe.

We have emerged out of countless billions of years,

of accident and fundamental principles of what we know as physics and chemistry.

You are a Royalty,

you are to be treated with Great Care and Dignity, that you do deserve.

You are an important link in the future of this planet,

you are to stand on the shoulders of giants...

Not be lied to,

by , , , and teachers.

Forcing you to take math,

without first showing you the tools and the need, is not education, it is robbery.

It does not matter what the hip teacher says,

because in the end they do not produce results.

And the funny likable teacher,

only excuses the behavior of the creepy ones.

To learn math, you have to be inspired,

by games, by generative art and music, by simulations that help you see your self in our galaxy.

The act of making you buy a purposefully overpriced calculator, maybe even the vapid self-published text book,

in a classroom ruled with stress by a teacher that just wants to get paid, under the broken excuse of putting food on their table...

In schools that do not show promised results,

and sell you on the idea of College, that will rob you of savings.

And then forcing you to work 26 hour shifts at Med School,

so that you have a hope of graduating with half the unforgivable debt.

Is an insult, it is a crime, it is evil,

it is harmful and destructive, it is a big lie.

And above all, it will all stop you from learning,

and force you into pretending you did.

It is crazy to try to learn something for no reason,

in a place that sees you as a problem to solved.

We can only learn by following our curiosities and expanding our predispositions,

building vast networks of knowledge out of love of life and universe.

The love that the schools will rob us of,

to try to fit us into a little box that they can grade and get paid for, while calling us names behind our backs.

And when bullies come,

they like it when someone gets hurt - that's why they sit there...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...,

no matter what happens, you still need to read and comprehend hundreds and hundreds of books.

You need to know Science for real, you need to know how to program commuters,

how to express your inner desires with art and music.

And how to at-least stop being scared of poverty,

you need to start learning how to run small businesses, and you need to start inventing real inventions, and asking real questions.

Even if what you invent is a somewhat large MP3 player,

it is still a monumental invention.

Your enclosures, the Bluetooth antenna,

the batteries, the SBC, or the version of the Raspberry PI Zero you choose.

Teachers you mathematics, soldering, programming, science,

Linux, Bash, Python.

And the way you build your website,

the way you present your product, or kit, or the bone conducting underwater version...

Will help you to, marketing, payment processing,

advertising, HTML and CSS, and JavaScript, React, Vue, and Svelte.

All your tutorials, from soldering to recharging with solar,

or wirelessly connecting to the server inside to look at stats - maters a great deal.

Will teach you about video editing, photography and lighting,

digital art and design, GIMP, ImageMagics, ffmeg.

This will make a beautiful resume,

and an Outstanding Portfolio, that will eventually grow to show what employers are really looking for: The Proof Of Exceptional Ability.

Do you see,

what schools are robbing you of?

Your real education is everything,

it makes you grow, and learn faster, it helps you dream, and it makes you powerful.

When you take to books and narrated books for real, when you begin understanding and admiring the souls and hearts behind the text,

you will discover many heroes and great beings, and they will influence you and your decision making as you grow.

Do not let schools cheat you out of real education,

real education provides real results, that result in useful things, and things that will set you free from debt and poverty.

Real education will not force you into unforgivable debt,

debt that will forever hang over your head until it is paid off.

Debt is creepy enough,

but unforgivable debt, is a whole different kinds of money.

Please, above all,

please, do not let them stop you from learning for real.
