Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Easy Peasy Growing Up: The Culture Of Greatness
Wednesday • September 15th 2021 • 5:37:22 pm

Junk DNA Accumulates,
and so do the beneficial changes.

They come from the fundamental principles of nature,
of physics and chemistry, and so on.

This is something we can feel and touch,
this is something we can see.

Especially since we each begun as a single cell,
both in the primordial sense and prior to our mitosis.

Junk also accumulates in our cultures and by extension our minds,
on top of that, most of the beneficial changes require some effort as they have to begin inside out.

We think that thinking is automatic,
but that is just our minds being beautiful.

Thinking is an intentional process,
you have to try to think.

The automatic route is a lot of trouble,
and we are NOT that kind of creature.

We are each meant for Greatness,
not for submission, or servitude, or suffering, or struggling.

Religions, Failed Nations, Liars, Manipulators, Criminals,
want us to submit, they want us to serve, they want us to find meaning in suffering, they want us to struggle.

But that is fools gold,
we are each to become Great Being.

And we can easily achieve that by simply entering the culture of Great Beings,
by spending time with them; by means of befriending them in their books.

Please, understand! you don't have to read books,
you can listen to their narrated versions.

Listening is actually much better,
.

The people who laugh at you for listening to books,
they hope to use you, and own you, they want you to be as stupid as possible.

They are neither friend,
nor family,

Don't approach philosophy directly,
first learn about the lives of the authors.

Then before listening to their works,
read study guides to get the maximum out of them.

Books are the only way,
the urge to read, the the change that follows must come from within you.

If you fail to transform,
by sheer accident, keep trying.

For those of us who don't get into any trouble,
the transformation into the culture of greatness is still critical as it marks the rite of passage into adulthood.

It is far too dangerous to assume that we were the lucky ones and our culture is just fine,
that is how everyone ends up having their freedom of will subverted.

Human beings are Beautiful,
but all too often mislead, almost always mislead, almost always used in one way or anot...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...follow a similar pattern is how cults and religions start.

Once I realized these books were a shared fantasy,
I totally lost interest in them - but I kept that insight into religions and cults.

Next, I took to science books,
I love how Science Popularizes explain everything so clearly, how it is all coherent and colorful.

Though I was never a religious person,
it seemed too strange to me.

When the online bookstore "Other listeners also bought" feature suggested to me ,
I gave her book a listen because of her humour, and how pretty her voice is.

That is where I met Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens, Daniel Dennett, Sam Harris,
and although what they had to say was no surprise to me, the way they carried themselves, their behavior was.

I realized the books and people I stumbled upon,
were Great Beings.

I was packing for a trip, just having done listening to ,
which later ended up as the soundtrack to the trip, due to a mighty storm that provided the visuals.

I sat on my stairs quietly,
listening to the girls cheering and laughing in the background to Richard's amazing class, as he was giving a speech at .

,
there was so much love in the audience - it was all so beautiful to me - and he is so classy.

This woman asked a feminist question, and Richard was ready with the answer,
but then in his class, his classiness, he added that additional part, stating that female gods would have improving effects.

--

Ever since,
I have stayed in their company, slowly inheriting their culture by just admiring them and their works.

This is why I write poems about Knowledge, Wisdom and Greatness,
these are not elitist things, this is who we are, who we become when we unplug from problems in other people's heads.

We must stop making other people's lives easier,
and start growing all the way up to become Great Beings... because that is our right,

that is where we all need to move towards,
that is what will keep our minds strong and healthy,
that is what our elder-selves would ask for,
that is what will keep our minds of harms way,
that is what will make the world laugh,
and that is what will keep it moving and advancing forward.

What follows is a very short list of amazing people,
that could perhaps help you in your amazing journeys.