Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Tiny Music Programming Idea
Monday • June 20th 2022 • 5:56:40 pm

For a while now I have been noticing the delay/echo effect in songs,
it was that helped me hear it first.

,
I never used a delay effect, prior to hearing that.

I was replicating it with 16th notes,
but it never quite worked.

Even in the beginning when he first says,
"" it is a deeply complex sound.

It is not a click,
not; a click.

If your mouse made that click,
then you'd probably need earplugs.

I bet all the songs are using reverb and delay, and echo;
and a range of things that multiply the sound waves.

I tested it in lmms,
and the sound is powerful and, well... full.

and lmms has a range of echo, delay, and reverb effects,
but something seemed a bit off.

I guess, I am jealous of all the fancy instruments,
even though I wouldn't know how to use them.

I took a moment,
to search for an alternative to lmms.

And I found an open source program called MusE,
the current 4.0 version got a face lift.

And I was able to make some drum sounds,
before you use the drum track, you have to define your samples (or sound files).

Even though I feel that ,
I set it aside for a tiny moment and turned to programming.

I went back to the part where Giorgio Moroder mentions his notes,
and mentiones Ping Pong Delay.

And ,
you can hear it play Giorgio's three notes with Ping Pong Delay at

It is not a song, it is just 3 notes,
but they sound really good because of that ping pong delay.

is a layer on top of Web Audio which is a program based on trees of nodes, or graphs,
it should integrate quite well with .

It would be quite easy to introduce ,
it is a nice project to learn programming with.

I think Berlin School Techno,
would be neat to explore with a combination of Tone and Rete.

The Berlin School Techno,
Visual Programming Language.

Personally and in closing, I have a lot more to learn about Computer Music,
before I sit down to writing such marvels.

I feel I have to study the history of Electronic music some more,
there are many more musical treasures and fancy ideas to be discovered.

Earlier in the day I was thinking how music more than anything else,
paints a beautiful picture of humanity.

There are no limits here,
no borders.