Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Real Art For Real, Real Math For Real
Monday • September 13th 2021 • 8:49:01 pm

The first thing you are going to need,
is to think about a neat place to exhibit .

The next is the frames are important,
they are expensive, computer generated art demands perfection.

I think you should start with a pane of glass,
then maybe really thin aluminum rails.

I almost feel like you can't cut them with a saw,
you will need to make a rough cut an then file them down at a 45 degree angle.

You could consider treating your paper with something that makes it tough,
and skip glass, just make it flap in the wind, a digital vertical flag.

Then there is paper and printer,
$100 laser printer could cut it if you had 8x72 paper it would make a nice vertical 6 foot flag.

But go to an office print shop and use their blueprint printer,
it uses standard paper, it is black and white laser.

You really want to make something physical,
a traditional creation that can be made available for maybe $10,000.

I think ,
this would become your very own and unique brush.

,
but they may require a bunch of work, which could be good.

Plus, with a plotter you could use multiple color markers,
or go for color pencils, even.

--

Which brings us to,
creating the graphics that you will print.

I don't like using the words Math, Trigonometry, even Vector,
but Math has been stolen from us.

It wasn't intentional,
it is just that teachers don't know what it is, how to use it, and what it is for.

Math is a library of good ideas,
perhaps mostly assembled by jittery people that drink way too much coffee.

Their creations are abstract,
because works of mathematics are best transported or stored, in their most elegant forms.

Take a look at videos about ,
it is a simple equation, but a complex story, where you have to consider things such as the fact,

That in terms of the universe your weight depends on where you are,
therefore you need to use the standardized concept of mass.

If all you are taught is the formula,
without the background - this day and age? - it means your teacher is selling your mind for a paycheck.

When they start throwing concepts at you that you covered previously in class,
to make you stop questioning the class.

They do that, because they know they haven't taught you that either,
and can thus use the shame and blame to dismiss you - -...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... was worth your precious time.

And yes I know, to evaluate a class,
you need a model, something that you can compare other classes against.

I am about to show you,
a powerful introduction to Vector math.

These three precious videos will also show you how Math is used,
that it requires the confines of a computer program.

Math is beautiful, it is not meant for memorization, it is not meant for paper,
your math is to be done in a programming environment, where trivialities such as multiplication and formulas, are done for you so that you can do the real work.

Here are three classes by by The Nature of Code Channel that I want you to look at:

1.1
1.2
1.3

This talks about vectors,
but this is actually a real introduction to Mathematics.

You don't want to start with scalars,
the Golden ration and PI are only that interesting.

You want to start one step away from plain Numbers,
where they are applied, where they serve a purpose.

These three videos introduce using documentation, they show the ease of object oriented notation,
"this." by the way is a way to reference variables and functions that are defined in the object that you are in.
(Otherwise the program would think you are referencing normal variables that aren't in the object. Objects are little spherical worlds.)

These videos are meant to show you that trivial things are done for you,
not just calculations but formulas.

Such as multiplying three dimensional vertices,
which is useful for programmatically creating 3D objects for 3D printers.

They show you real math,
what it is, how it is taught, how to use it, and when to use it.

And here we arrive at that age old question,
"Why do I need math?"

And to be fair to the youngest students,
we are only allow to answer this question with a single, perfectly meaningful, and exceptionally powerful word:



Your works of art, are to be exhibited at Guggenheim,
and and a few other places, if they are prestigious enough.

Do you know who is?
I think of her as the World's Greatest Art Teacher.

Moreover, it is her work that does the speaking for her,
...we are each an artist - our world depends on it.

I think it is time for you to become an artist too,
, and when you get to the end, keep the machines going, so that others may follow.
