Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Adventure and Art: Take A Cute Little Leap Of Faith Towards Discovering Your Own Genius
Friday • August 6th 2021 • 4:49:52 pm

Great things start from humble beginnings,
and without humble beginnings you can't create great things.

We are all - of course - too unique to share the same beginning,
but there are some beginnings that are incredibly entertaining.

I will attempt to describe to you a couple of weekend long adventures,
that will give you a taste of your own genius.

Whether you are just starting out,
or things got too busy and you forgot about your genius - this text is for you.

Let us begin with the most outrageous weekend first,
you are going to to roast a sausage over a freakhhhing fire.

Take a closer look at the Nordhouse beach,
using your favorite satellite photo service.

Do you see those little bright lines?
those are access points to camp sites.

People that camp there make a path to get to the beach,
each one of those sites has neat fire spot.

You don't have to stay the night,
you just need a stick, a sausage, and a little fire.

If you don't like driving to adventures,
than of my gosh that is like the most sophisticated thing I have ever heard.

If you live in the Detroit area where I am writing this from,
you should know that the I-275 Bicycle trail - inexplicably!...

,
and proper restrooms.

If you don't live in Michigan,
get to the nearest lake that has campsites.

And if you don't like meat, you are in luck,
because you get to roast a Marshmallows.

And don't forget,
the mosquito repellent.

Make sure to visit your favorite campsite every few weekends,
while the weather is nice.

Now that you made some room for yourself,
it is time to spend a weekend with art.

But before you get there,
, maybe one that connects to your phone.

Now, ,
and ask what would it take to become an artist.

Right after your museum visit, ,
go to a coffee shop and .

There is a tutorial video on the internet for everything,
just search for draw an eye, or draw a face, or even speed drawing.

And search for use a projector to map out a face,
make sure your source image has high contrast, dark dark, and bright whites.

And ,
and , and practice.

Get some ,
and start taking portrait request, from your friends and family, and from strangers.

And don't forget about our furry friends, if at all possible, please start referring to peoples pets,
as their Fur Kids, as that is something that you will never regret, and sometimes giggle about in the evening.

There is one more thing that brings the two together,
and makes them even better.

Whether you are out on your weekend adventure,
or working on finishing up one of your portraits at the coffee shop.

It is very important,
that you also listen to Narrated Books.

In closing, I will list ten titles,
that left a lasting impression on me.

by Dr. James Loewen
by Will Durant
narrated by Charlton Heston
by Elizabeth Kolbert
by Alan Weisman
by Bill Bryson
by Carl Sagan
by David Bodanis
by Randall Munroe
and by Weinberg and Gresh