Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anticipate The Future, Take The Shortest Path To Where The AI Shines: Programming
Sunday • August 31st 2025 • 9:51:13 pm

Choose the most popular,
friendliest but broadest language, JavaScript.

It covers server, web-pages, browser add-ons,
desktop applications, and mobile.

Learn about its syntax,
and ask AI about small and lightweight examples.

---

Artificial Intelligence is today’s equalizer,
it gives you the strength of ten, maybe of fifty.

---

Outline a small programming company,
create a clever little library that enhances your ability and strategy.

And make your applications,
look around everything is broken.

Fix the most popular things first,
but also get ready to fix bureaucracy.

Build Visual Programming Languages,
that extract and transform data into your programming canvas.

Where you can filter it, transform it unit at a time,
or reduce it into tables of data.

----

Not all transformations can be accomplished by a computer,
so ensure that a node can represent the input and output box of a human.

And that it is only the matter of a checkbox to replace the human,
with a competent AI, automating processes, with a click.

---

You can see how user interfaces were transformed by Chat and AI,
how forms became simple questions.

Packets of data routable,
through visual programming languages.

---

With AI helping you at every step,
and the power of advantage that time brings you can tackle anything.

---

Do not accept standardized education as a form of learning,
you have to learn on your own.

You have to follow your own curiosities,
in the sequence that matches you best, and at a pace that fits you.

Standardized education only creates the human nodes,
that will soon be replaced by artificial intelligence.

And with just about,
the click of a checkbox.

Do not let the world betray you,
you are a creator.

And you are meant to grow all the way up,
until you become a great being.
