Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Minimalist Bodybuilding Gadgets That Enhance Your Workout And Stay Out Of Your Way
Sunday • March 30th 2025 • 8:36:08 pm

Earplugs and Studio Style Headphones,
earplugs block gym music, but let your own music through.

Your own playlist is extremely important,
as you must use precise beats per minute to enter a dance trance.

I recommend starting with 95 bpm songs,
and actually lifting to the beat, one beat up, next beat down.

You will run out of songs, but you can improvise,
you can slow down videos, or use Audacity to process tempo down.

Dance trance is similar to when you get home from work,
but totally miss all the driving you did, it passes time faster.

I recommend you use headphones with a built in mp3 player,
and avoid touching your phone, unless it is family.

It may not be possible to workout without music,
and if you just listen to it you are missing out on the dance trance.

---

Beefy neck fan that you wrap around your wattle bottle,
and point at yourself.

Gyms are hot, summer or winter, and keeping cool gives you energy,
and it keeps you dry, which could mean less skin irritation for some.

You need a fan that can operate for between 5 to 10 hours,
and has posable, wire like arms.

You don’t want anything around your neck,
it will just cause trouble with the overhead shoulder press.

So make sure it has over 5,000 RPMs, and atleast claims to be 10,000mAh,
being a neck fan it won’t be that big.

Many gyms don’t allow you to bring bags or large items in,
as it is a trip hazard and make the place look bad.

But a fan wrapped around your water bottle,
won’t annoy anybody enough to complain.

---

Two bandannas, I wrap both around my right wrist,
and they are to wipe off sweat from your forehead.

Before it gets into your eyes,
use two for extra girth and absorption.

---

Packing tape so that you can bring two water bottles with you,
when the season gets warmer.

This way you don’t have to juggle two water bottles,
and you are not discouraged to just bginr one.

Hydration is extremely important, sugar and salt, or cola,
can really restore your energy during endurance workouts.

Just tape around two bottles,
and it will fell like you are carrying just one.

You can throw the tape and bottles away at the gym,
and just carry your fat and gloves.

---

Wrist watch, so that you don’t upset people,
who don’t want to be looked a...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...mber of rounds, or how many times you repeat,
the workout and rest combo.

But the aim of an interval timer, is not to create a stable routine,
it is to mathematically attack and eliminate your rest period.

To configure your timer simply test how long you lift
your lightest dumbbells for, say one minute.

And how long you need to rest, to do it again,
for example two minutes.

So 10 rounds of 3 minutes, is a good first day workout,
and you should aim for 20 rounds, an hour long workout.

And then you adjust your timer, to eliminate rest,
extend workout duration, add a few more rounds.

The point is to cycle dumbbell exercises for an hour or more,
three hours five days a week, is probably a lot, but it is up to you.


---

Finally, extra weights, which maybe against the rules,
but, they may not be avoidable.

Moving from 3lb per each hand, to 5lb, is reasonable,
but going from 5lb per hand, to 10lb, is dumb.

Let’s call it what it is right now, it is dumb,
2.5 pounds per hand should be the maximum increase.

Depending on your gym, you may need to get wrist weights,
that help you increase from 5lb per hand to just 7.5.

So that you give your body, time,
to adapt, and have a solid chance at continuing to grow.

---

But aside from wrist weights, you also have leg weights,
and can even get a nice looking tactical weight vest.

You can wear these on your days off,
or when you just feel like jogging for the day.

Or when you are just starting out,
they are not all just sand bags or bird shot bags.

My vest has iron ingots, and I saw wrist and leg weights,
that accept about six inch stainless rods, for adjustment.

Unlike an interval timer, of which I had to buy three,
as they get corded from moisture, and all major brands failed me.

The vest and wrist/leg weights can last you many years,
but please make sure, you can remove all the weights, and wash them.

---

Lastly, an honorary mention, beautiful yoga outfit or wresting singlet,
don’t aim to just lose weight, or just get abs.

You have to set your aim as high up as it is possible,
the maximum beauty you can get at.

And that means,
don’t. dress. scared.

[1]: https://youtu.be/FeJP4E4Z-PY?t=121
[2]: https://youtu.be/av7-8igSXTs
[3]: https://youtu.be/Gu1t7X2yq4M?t=153
