Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Harmony of Growing Up
Monday • May 18th 2020 • 10:39:25 pm

Well, from the first moment on,

we are asked if we should live in harmony.

We are still very young,

barely know of the world.

And already the question of harmony comes,

and in harmony we learn, and thrive.

Away from it, we'll be interrupted,

and feel lost in the void.

It is a simple choice,

but out minds are not ready to make it.

Often we forget.

We forget about our little gardens,

and all the little walks.

We forget how amazing it felt,

to stand on the wing of a plane.

We forget the taste of popcorn at the Zoo,

or even how enormous Zoo felt.

We forget pebbles at the river,

and mischievous squires at the park.

---

That little dog with a bark,

that scaredy kitten always hiding in the dark.

Our collection of unused keys,

and the box of bottle caps we collected with ease.

We forgot our Lego and the old bike,

with that seat that we used to really like.

We don't remember the Palaces and Castles,

that we used to love, and those swords, that fit us like a glove.

---

Everybody else came around,

acting like they know the ground.

But, this was our gift from the Universe,

an affinity for flowering gardens, and little passage ways, and all those flying planes.

It was a key to unlock our mind,

to understand the zoo, and our size in the universe, connect with pebbles at the beach.

It is a pathway that fits us best,

to love little creatures, and collect some shineys, and build with blocks, and ride far and wide.

It was to remind us,

to find our place among Great Beings, and study and pursue excellence, in all we do.

---

Then they sent us to First Grade,

and the weird kid peed into the Duplo, they didn't even have Lego.

Then the teacher graded you down for counting pebles in your pocket,

and did it so many times, you lost track.

---

There was a whisper about the pebbles,

it was Mr. Sagan - "You are made of Star Stuff."

And then the kids whispered...

to push you in the mud.

---

Push their laughter aside,

you'll need to Learn, and learn really hard.

Cause right now, you're in the mud,

and you need to hang on.

It will get worse,

but all you have to do is rise.

Each time,

you'll rise higher.

(When in trouble, call the Police it is OK for kids to call the Police, they'll love helping you, don't be scared.)
...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...e.

The gateway between Ordinary and Extraordinary,

is in accepting that we haven't got a choice to make.

But shoes... to put on,

your Mind and Body must grow in harmony.

You must not let go of the Harmony,

of your Magnificent Existence.

Each small success, by subtle analogy,

pushes you forward, to your next step.

---

Eventually your tightly controlled business failures,

will fail, they will, fail to fail.

Your mind too,

it won't perceive the easy choice as an option.

All- will proceed,

in harmony.

---

Labored breathing,

by the Pine Trees at Western States,

Another great step in Automation of your business,

and more investors.

And you're no longer stopping at the first thing you find in books,

you understand all of it.

What is made by humans,

is also All Too Human.

---

And the Bullies are Gone,

and Eight Grade still sucks.

High school ... influences,

are trying to figure out where they went wrong - good luck!

College, is still a very romantic idea,

but it is best left to imagination.

Your dreams are so much more now,

only what you create can live up to them.

You are a Leader,

full of might an joy.

---

And now you know,

shortcuts only lead people to their beginnings.

And the one road, the only road,

was the one of Authenticity, and Achievement.

Where we learned for real, not for grades,

where what we learned added up to create wisdom, and not a stupid GPA.

You'll be OK, so as long as you Learn onward and become Wise,

and Live in Authentic Harmony with Yourself.

This is how you become an Adult,

that was the one thing that all others were missing.

It's what made them pretend and simulate,

but, growing up can't be faked.

Growing up has to be written by the choices you make,

on the surface, that is your lifetime.

The dreams you always dream, will come true,

but not in your childhood, childhood is for learning.

Live in Harmony with yourself,

and live in harmony with the Universe.

Growing up is really special,

it is really important for our health.

It is a deeply internal process,

and there are no shortcuts to growing up.

It is meant to be,

Beautiful.

\[1]: <https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=content+management>

\[2]: <https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=stripe+wordpress>
