Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding For Babies
Wednesday • November 27th 2024 • 12:36:19 am

The purpose of this text is to give you a head start,
and show you that adults are even bigger babies.

Parents don't let beabies get too buff,
not should them tolerate memorization for grades.

There is no substitude for comprehension,
and no excuses in the age of AI that can explain everything.

---

All the bodybuilders are doing it wrong,
some are doing it in stupidly dangerous ways.

The reason for that is two fold,
everyone wants to show off how heavy they lift.

And nobody wants to do something different,
they just want to do what everyone else is doing.

When you go to school,
you will see the same thing.

Everyone is just memorizing,
and pretending it is real education.

And then when reality comes knocking
bodybuilders are small, and students uneducated.

---

There will be some pain in the beginning,
that is just from stretching and using muscles.

The pain goes away so fast,
that you forget you were achy in the beginning.

---

Like in jogging, there is initial training,
that you must go through.

This is not bodybuilding yet,
just building up of endurance.

You start with the lightest dumbbells,
and lift, and walk, twist and turn.

Lift them above your head,
do bicep curls, list them to the side.

When you hands get tired,
switch how you are lifting your dumbbells.

You follow the same procedure as joggers,
you focus on eliminating your rest, a little bit at a time.

You may use an interval timer for that,
free app or a clip on with a vibrate function.

Combination of lifting to the beat of music,
and vibrating times.

Makes for a distraction free workout,
driven by dance trance – I highly recommend it.

Especially as you get older,
and get into three or four hour workouts.

---

Your bodybuilding will begin,
when you can lift two pounds non stop, for an hour.

You can pause for a little bit,
to drink your formula or cause mischief.

But, not because you have to,
if you must stop because you can’t lift anymore.

Then that means you need to continue,
training, for a month maybe few.

It is also a good idea to pretend to need to stop, evey one in a while,
I often do that, as not to stick out too much.

Otherwise people will acuse you of using drugs,
and talk aboout what else maybe in your milk bottle.

But gradually adapting to p...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...mean that 25lb worked.

Lifting 25lb for less than a minute,
before stopping.

Is like lifting 2 pounds for 30 minutes,
for adults that is just barley anything.

It is not even a good workout for babies,
but it could work for house cats though.

But who needs a buff house cat,
nowadays – let the kitty sleep.

---

So bodybuilding is not about anaerobic,
or aerobic, or protein powders.

And creatine, just makes a person bloated,
it is just water retention.

Eating complex carbs throughout the day,
to stabilize sugars and energy, is one.

And then the second is protein,
so that you body can heal properly.

Fish, chicken, nuts, trail-mix,
are a good source.

---

In conclusion,,
bodybuilding is an endurance sport.

Where you lift light for a long time,
but not so light that you can lift more.

And not so much,
that you are forced to stop.

---

Don’t pay attention to people,
lifting heavy for a short time.

Not only does that make them look silly.
because they are trying to look strong so hard

But their heavy weigh has them locked,
as they can’t lift heavier, they plateau.

What they are actually doing is the equivalent,
of lifting light, and rarely for long enough.

But, without the benefit,
that comes with actually lifting light.

Which is having the ability to just add 2.5 pounds,
to something that is pretty light an manageable for an hour.

Lifting heavy for a short time, won’t let you advance,
lifting light for multiple hours grows muscles in a matter of months.

---

Lastly, if you ever become obese,
that added fat is like lifting dumbbells all the time.

Large people get a head start in bodybuilding,
though skinny people get muscle definition faster, so it evens out.

Your generation, will live a very long time,
by the time you get old you will have a powerful cure for againg.

But you still need to take good care of yourself,
so the sooner the better.

For the rest of us, those who acre,
will still hop along on anti again treatments, still live very long.

But for the older generations,
bodybuilding and fitness is not optional.

People in their middle age today,
must meet the early ant-aging treatments half way.

As a fit, strong,
muscular bodybuilder.

For the older adults,
bodybuilding is still the finest anti-aging treatment today.
