Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Bodybuilder
Wednesday • October 9th 2019 • 12:40:45 am

Bodybuilding is a side-effect of something more. Like Confidence, or
Happiness, or Success, it will ensue from pursuit of things that seem just
out of your reach.

The workout consists of three complementary exercises arranged in a way
that I don’t have to stop.

 1. 
 2. 
 3. 

Combined with dancing, which in this context is a form of stretching that
doubles as a cardio workout.

Good examples of fine workout songs are for fast
cardio and for rest and some stretching.

I find it really helpful to add sugar to my workout water, but I am sure
candy works just as well. Sweetened water (sometimes V8 tomato juice) and
good music are the two things that I find most helpful during my routine.

In weight lifting there maybe difficult discomfort 5 – 10 lifts into some
routine, then you switch to some other exercise (for example from [Standing
Dumbbell Curls]() to where your biceps rest
while you perform the shoulder press), you never sit, you never lie, you
use both arms, both legs, you don’t stop to rest. If you need to stop
then your weights are too heavy, and your workout is not working out.

Start in the beginning, come to the end, and then stop. Start with 3.5lb
per hand, even if out of humility, even if just to remind yourself that you
always start in the beginning, and you always finish what you start.



There is no struggle because of music, the parts of your brain that are
telling you to stop are weak. They are weaker than the beat of drums, they
are weaker than a pretty song.

Workout to the beats of songs, here is a player I eventually settled on:
it costs US $24.80 it is OK, I
think. It does not seem Professional, I think it is just because phones are
really good these days.



Distraction free with easy to push control buttons and large accessible
volume knob.

If you need precision use to get a BPM on a song to make a
playlist, and if you are still having difficulty with non-stop exercise
despite a chain of slow songs, then use a computer to keep track of your
rests. I used an Interval Timer from

Keep lowering that rest period until no rest is needed in your routine.



Interval timer will vibrate on start and stop of both exercise and rest. It
will count down the number of exercise-rest sequences. By gradually
lowering rest period and i...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... Injuries are more likely if you lift heavy. If you lift heavy a
few times, your muscles will not be in a flexible enough state to handle
it. Eventually you will pull a muscle, hurt yourself. If you lift 5lb
10,000 times, the chances of getting hurt are much lower. Back pain is
still likely to occur, you will need a proper bed, I use the inexpensive




Raising your legs, raising your upper body, curving your spine will let
your body rest. A flat mattress will attempt to straighten the natural
curve to your lower back, in combination with lifting weights for prolonged
periods, this is a recipe for disaster. You must let your back-muscles
relax.

While our cooling is superior, we do lose electrolytes while we sweat, you
need to put them back in. V8 vegetable juice which contains both sodium and
potassium is one way to do so, but always with wisdom and in moderation.

Finally we arrive to the point where I explain why you can’t take days off.
Think of your body as a good horse to your mind. Take two horses with
muscle atrophy, one walks ten steps three times, every other day weekends
off, the other trots for eight and half hours every day for many years, no
day off. Which horse would you bet on, which horse would have more muscle,
which horse would live healthier?

I change my playlist daily, here are some examples.

















(choreographers tend to pick amazing songs).







Perhaps some of you may find working out with vocals easier, if so then the
come to mind.





Blanco Brown:

Taylor Swift:

Psy:

Davay:

XS Project:

Lil Nas X:

Pitbull:

Ciara:

Lorde:

Fort Minor:

Imagine Dragons:

Macklemore:

Billie Eilish:

Kesha:

Beyonce:

Cascada:

Blade:

Smile:

Infernal:

XS Project:

Charlie Puth:

Caravan Palace:

Valentino Khan:

LMFAO:



The staying in the moment that he describes can be induced with a fun and snappy playlist, where non-stop endurance bodybuilding is concerned.
Ultra-marathons are different from endurance workouts, they take longer and you certainly don’t want to depend on your mp3 player to finish.
At the same time ultra-marathons have relative silence and it is easier to focus in the middle of an interesting run.

I also created an Open Source (Free) workout instruction drum song, the mp3
files are available here: