Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Power Of Serenity; Or How Humanity’s Greatest Accomplishment Was Rooted In Peace Of Mind
Wednesday • July 12th 2023 • 11:10:35 pm

Soon enough, as the more connected world,
begins seeing the same patterns play out, over an over.

An overwhelming urge for an intellectual revolution,
will grasp humanity by the button.

There will be a race for authentic education,
one that genuinely enhances our minds.

---

The road will be paved with failures,
and only mediocre results.

But, even mediocre results,
will turn out to make a world of difference.

World’s leaders will become more honest,
more capable, wiser and greater.

Universal Basic Income will become a reality,
and it won’t be so basic, at all.

And, people will change,
the slightest taste of wisdom…

Will have them searching for more,
every museum, every library, every nature trail.

---

All the educational experimentation,
in this great urge for an intellectual revolution…

Will eventually bear fruit,
but the final shape of schools…

Will be welcomed with a gasp,
and will surprise everyone.

---

It will call to mind Newton's Apple Tree,
where he found safety and serenity away from the city.

Where he could see the shape of earth,
by simply looking at our moon.

Where he could ask,
what if I threw the apple past the horizon.

So that as the apple fell closer to the ground,
the curvature of the surface had the ground move away from the apple.

---

You see, the new educational institutions will realize,
that it was not that Newton was a genius.

But that our minds had unique requirements,
that needed to be fulfilled before our genius came to bloom as well.

---

As “being taught”,
will be marked as fantasy, or downright fraud.

The state of “stress-free”,
or serenity will reveal it self as the key component of authentic education.

This will be revolutionary, as serenity cannot be artificially induced,
it can only ensue from a caring and wise educational system.

---

Serenity will split into two,
a yearning for narrated books and adventure trails.

And a strange, but all too human taste,
for infinite complexity, best addressed by not just learning programming.

But by developing challenging platforms, systems, programs,
and online businesses that soon overshadow what UBI delivers.

But programming will not be seen as a tool for development of software,
not at all, not at all, not-at-all.

In this new and improved future, programming languages,
will become the primary language of all sciences.

An interactive microscope that can look deeper,
than any other approach.

---

In a word Serenity will be the key to the new educational systems,
and the fastest way to get there…

Will be by traveling the world’s greatest and most magnificent adventure trails,
and new trails will emerge to criss-cross countries, borders and cultures.

And fulfill the promise of a more connected world,
in the most magnificent of ways.

New cities, new milestones, a new vision, open universities,
and a wiser and a safer world, fueled by meaningful education.

The classroom will become an adventure,
the lessons an lectures will be self directed, read by world’s most beloved narrators.

What was once a fraudulent diploma and school administration doctored GPA,
will soon become a question of wisdom, content of character, and greatness.
