Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thin Invisible Walls
Friday • May 22nd 2020 • 5:36:47 pm

Why does Philosophy seem so foggy,

so unclear, and uncertain.

Living above yourself, transcending your limits,

puts you in a wiser state, more complex state, harder to understand state.

I can't describe that directly,

but I can describe it by subtle analogy to other things.

You know how your Dad questionably, pokes around a car engine,

and yet all of that seems a bit foggy?

Do you remember what it was like to jog the first time,

and then you just kept going?

Can you imagine your first 18 miles at the Appalachian Trail,

and can you see your last 18 miles as you near Katahdin.

You know how mathematics sound impenetrable?

Until you become a mathematician?

There are gaps, discomforts, vocabularies, perceptual frameworks,

that stand between you and the wisest you.

You have to cross those things,

to unfog your mind.

Learn to jog, to sprint, to body build,

and find a pathway to your best self by subtle analogy to training.

Learn to backpack,

to walk out in front of a lone wolf, let your eyes connect in loneliness and familiarity.

Snarl down a Mountain Lion,

with a God Like Growl, out of you entire life force, and culminating in a Wild Howl.

Let your Lycanthropy belch a low rumble as you stand your ground,

to the test of a charging Black Bear.

And learn from the Calm and Power of a Grizzly Bear,

Ursus Horribilis.

Or, become an artist. You don't need a charging bear to learn.

You can use clay, or canvas, or music.

There is no finer way to push loneliness away,

than to sculpt the meaning of touch.

And there is no better way to learn courage,

than to paint a chain of works that inspire to motion.

And music need not make someone cry to be powerful,

make the beat move your own feet, as you run your first ultra.

Consider how simple a Desktop in your Operating System is,

and yet, how perfectly impossible it is, to drag the icon out of the computer.

It is right there, you can wiggle it,

and yet it is trapped in a prison, of invisible walls.

And consider, how different you are, from all the people you have met,

how you don't even smile at the things that make them laugh.

How not a single person out of the Eight Billion,

could possibly take your place.

How often it feels that all the people around you are sleepy,

how so...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...mily,

a Mother that always brings hugs, warm meals and Wisdom.

But, True Love is rare, so while you search, you must also grow in Wisdom,

from now on, you will have to learn to tell the children apart from the adults.

And not by looking at how old they are, or how well they dress, or how sharply they move in their environment,

you will now look at their Authenticity, and Content of Character.

No one who lacks in Authenticity, or has little Content of Character,

has anything to contribute to you life, certainly nothing negative.

Hope for them to recover, and become wise, and healthy,

let them know that they are a Child of The Universe, and they count - but go.

Don't let anybody hurt you,

don't let anybody hurt your heart, or mind.

Go!

because you need your heart and mind, to grow.

Go!,

with the certainty of knowing that you are more.

Go!,

so as long as you Rise you won't be lonely for long.

Go!

because there has never been a way other than forward and up.

Go!

and don't be scared, all great journeys start with little things.

The Others, who went through the same,

are with you in Spirit.

So many invisible battles have been fought,

and as much triumph gone unnoticed.

The Warriors are everywhere, and they stand by your side,

you are in company of Great Heroes.

Climb by subtle analogy to the triumphs already had,

rise to the highest of mountains.

You are Meant to Become a Great Being,

and You are meant to remind others to follow a similar path.

Rise, and you will be well on your way,

Humanity only grows, when people like you tear down those thin invisible walls.

Wherever you are right now, begin transcending your limits,

no matter how small, each will help you learn more.

With each new success more pathways will become visible to you,

you are not trapped, you are just at the beginning of your journey.

It is hard to see it all because you are still learning,

but it is easy to read or listen to books, and inherit great visions from others.

It will never get easier,

but you will grow greater, to a point where ease will become irrelevant to your existence.

You must use your Heart and Mind to learn all the lessons ahead,

no one can teach you, you must find your own books.

By Subtle Analogy,

Rise to Your Greatness.