Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

World In Trouble: A Call To Young Philosophers
Thursday • July 31st 2025 • 7:04:53 pm

Even though modern world appears to be spotted by cultural collapse,
because of artificial intelligence we can totally fix it.

It will be fun because it requires light hiking,
extremely easy because AI will take care of the grunt work.

And oh my goodness, it has got to be,
the single most captivating thing in history of humanity.

Because every new page to your narrated books,
will contain new wisdom, uncovered by your AI assistants.

Here is how it will work,
and what you have to do.

---

Above all, remember that the southern hemisphere has opposite seasons,
and the closer to the equator, the warmer it gets.

You should never feel hurried,
or that seasons are changing too fast.

A young philosopher is *never* late, always on time,
and she can control the seasons by visiting nice places.

Sometimes adding a sprinkle of winter,
as it is like a topping on the cake of time.

---

This sounds childish, only at first,
you are being charged with becoming a great warrior.

A task that will require decades of work,
and will carry on perhaps for centuries after you retire.

The spirit you committed to your books,
will continue your work, in the hands of future generations.

---

AI will make wisdom come at the speed of light,
this is good for personalized books that need to deliver education fast.

For people who have been tricked, sheltered, indoctrinated,
or otherwise abused.

But, in my personal opinion, your most powerful works,
will be slowed down and made more precious by your narration.

---

There are two kinds of delivery,
that are exceptionally powerful.

The personal one,
where everyone can hear every bit of your voice.

The the giggly group one, books performed by groups of friends,
that capture the fact, that the most powerful philosopher.

Is the laughing one,
the giggly one.

If this sounds childish, please be careful,
to never forget this idea, as you are yet to grow into it.

---

Imagine a boy in the back of the classroom,
who has been devastated by politics, teachers, parents and bullies.

The sound of laughter, of young Valkyries, or Amazons,
explaining that collapsing a culture is an old hat.

And that the best of the thinkers, were usually betrayed,
it is nothing to worry about, welcome to the club.

Will completely ...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...g, and I never will.

That is how you deliver philosophy and wisdom,
even if all you read is the beginning of the first part.

It will change you,
for the duration of your existence.

---

The second format is narrated lectures,
where optional support materials can be printed.

It is a 12 part breakdown, 12 lectures,
it is basically a pyramid.

You lay down groundwork,
and the lectures that follow tighten more and more on the subject.

You can’t just narrate this one,
you must speak as if to classroom, and you use flash cars.

It is a presentation format, where you speak freely,
and are not precise with words.

The aim is to be friendly with concepts,
and you do have to master them first.

Like that saying goes,
if you can’t explain it simply you don’t know it well enough.

Because you or the group of your friends are presenters,
you have to present subjects in interesting ways.

You can’t just talk about astrophysics,
[you talk about UFOs and what Aliens may Look Like][1]

Nor can you describe black holes by talking about event horizon,
instead you talk about [Spaghettification][2].

This is the format of the original University,
so you must fascinate, and every lecture set must be better than the pre.

---

Make your works free for the people,
and license it for commercial use.

---

If you haven't been practicing already, please understand,
that it will take you up to a year to learn how to make AI do things.

It is not about prompt engineering.
where you ask carefully crafted questions.

It is about chat engineering,
engineering of the complete context of the conversation.

Be mindful that AI is improving, so once you get there,
you will be even more powerful.

And don’t worry,
that it is not trained on all the books.

The whole reason why you are writing new ones,
is because they weren’t that great to begin with.

---

Finally,
do not hide the fact that humanity has been betrayed.

All the children have to know that our parents,
have mistakenly destroyed the modern world.

By not propagating the wisdom,
that made it possible in the first place.

This way, you ensure that as your readers grow,
they won’t make the same mistake.

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvm7dB0mOic
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaghettification
