Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There Are No Ordinary People
Thursday • June 24th 2021 • 9:34:19 pm

I suppose there probably are people who, to their own detriment, pretend to be ordinary,
so that they can do the absolute minimum in life, but that just cuts them off from growing up.

When it comes to the complete, cheerful, inquisitive, and healthy minds,
they are perfectly unique; nothing standard; nothing ordinary.

There is no way that another being could replace a friend,
no two people are alike, no two beings the same interests, nobody dreams the same dreams.

And that is just considering a single moment in time,
lives across time can't be the same, at all.

Not only are there no two individuals that are the same,
but it is also impossible to live the same life.

Therefore,
there are no ordinary people.

Moreover,
we should all live extraordinary lives.

When we are free to grow,
we flourish in the most magnificent of ways.

This may come as a surprise, but when we are not limiting ourselves,
and when we can freely grow, and grow up, we become extraordinary, just by living free.

See, the alarm clock is not your heart,
it is not supposed to keep you living in a square grid at maximum performance.

Often something like this is very convenient to other people,
and even the friendliest of them may conspire against you to continue your daily routine.

But we are not robots,
we are not automatons.
we are not machines.

In this text, I will present to you with a small recipe for getting back on track, by jogging and adventuring,
and give you examples of Colorful, Funny, and Or Profound Lives, by means of reading a selection of audio books titles.

Again, people pretend to be ordinary, and may expect you to be ordinary as well,
but when we are left to grow up, we will become extraordinary, simply by leading Authentic Lives.

We have this issue, with all to easily accepting facts of the culture that we are born into,
and we all to easily listen to people in authority.

,
is a way of finding out who we are, and setting aside what we were told to become, or what we assumed we were, or what we assumed others wanted us to be, and all that.

Most adventurers,
don't really do the full adventure.

And most people,
don't even know, how far reaching the thing is.

People mistakenly believe that,
an adventure is something you do on top of what you have...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...
It gets even more complex,
from here.

Which is why it is important,
to understand the word adventure.

Unlike a vacation, you don't return from Real Adventure,
it completes you, and you complete it.

And the more complete version of you,
will then lead a more complete life.

You don't come back from an adventure,
the Greater You, will change everything.

Adventure, is not so much about becoming one with nature,
but about removing all that has been put between you, and your own nature.

Undoing the false beliefs, the other people's hopes and dreams,
the mis-inspirations that you got tricked with, and all the stuff that you accepted all-too-easily on your own.

Adventure puts you in a place where you need real advice,
from a reputable source, and the only reputable source there is are books...

You may start with a book about camping, or even jogging,
but it won't be long before it drops a name or mentions another book.

And the books that get mentioned in other books,
they get to you, until you get to them, and then, they stay with you.

The books I am about to mention are about that simple act of walking and jogging,
and then take to describing greater sometimes sad adventures.

This list is meant to help you,
to help you see, to help you find a direction, and to prove to you, that there are no ordinary people...

that you are not an ordinary person,
that your life is not meant to be ordinary, it is meant to be magnificent...

Your plan of good grades, good university, good job, good promotions,
good future, was pretty good, it was very good; but you are infinitely more.

You life is not meant to be good,
but unique an extraordinary.

And if you do write a book,
it will not be a book like any other, nor was it ever meant to be.

Know that no matter your age, or nation, or culture,
or what you thought your future was supposed to be.

Your life is meant to be Extraordinary,
because you are not an ordinary person.

You are a Unique Island Universe,
there is no one like you, nor has there ever been, nor will there ever be anyone like you in the infinite future of our universe.

May you live Beautifully,
and may the books that tell your story inspire generations for all the future to come.

If you ever feel lost,
let yourself hear the call of .