Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Hacker
Tuesday • January 21st 2020 • 9:54:23 pm

The $35 is the most handsome in a class of computers
called . They just released version 4, so make
sure you get that one; and don’t forget a monitor. BestBuy does sell the
PI, packaged in the . Personally, I think
getting the original keyboard and mouse is really cool, I am not a fan of
the plastic case and would go for a cool looking -
and then probably short something out. Good news is that ashens has a two
part review of all the popular cases here you go: and [Part
2](). Heads up, ashens is an odd British man that utters odd British
phrases.







There is a class of monitors called it is still nice
to have a desk one, but if you are wondering which one to get; get a
portable first (the cheapest one is $99), then you can take it to
Starbucks, plug in your PI, keyboard and mouse, and headphones; and
with whilst with
.



Don't forget about as those too are a kind of monitor (the
cheap ones are $50 - $75). A projector turns any wall into a monitor.

She likley stole her daddy’s dad’s password by using her older brother’s
. To log into her dad’s computer she uses the ssh command.
ssh is just a program that establishes a secure (encrypted) connection
between two computers. She executes ssh at . And
begins using the ssh program.

The remote shell, for convenience sake, looks almost the same as her own
local shell. Even though very little changes on her screen she is in a
full-screen program now, and once she is authenticated her shell prompt
changes to that of the remote system. It goes from pi@calebpi ~ $ to
[]~$[].

A shell prompt is the thing that indicates that you are free to type
commands. Her dad’s shell prompt is broken, he messed up with whatever was
supposed to go in between those square brackets, it maybe that he is using
fonts that the Raspberry PI does not have, or some mess like that. My
prompt as I write this is [user@computer warrior]$ that means username is
user, my computer’s network name is computer, and the directory I am in is
warrior.

The dollar sign $ indicates that I, alex, and pi are normal users. You can
escalate your system privileges to become a system administrator where you
can read or delete other user’s files. On most systems the dollar sign
would then change to the pound sign # to indicate that care must be taken
as...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...
The hacker mind-set is not confined to this software-hacker culture. There
are people who apply the hacker attitude to other things, like electronics
or music — actually, you can find it at the highest levels of any science
or art. Software hackers recognize these kindred spirits elsewhere and may
call them ‘hackers’ too — and some claim that the hacker nature is really
independent of the particular medium the hacker works in.

There is another group of people who loudly call themselves hackers, but
aren't. These are people (mainly adolescent males, and little girls) who
get a kick out of breaking into computers and phreaking the phone system.
Real hackers call these people ‘crackers’ and want nothing to do with them.
Real hackers mostly think crackers are lazy, irresponsible, and not very
bright, and object that being able to break security doesn't make you a
hacker any more than being able to hot-wire cars makes you an automotive
engineer. Unfortunately, many journalists and writers have been fooled into
using the word ‘hacker’ to describe crackers; this irritates real hackers
no end.

The basic difference is this: hackers build things, crackers break them.”



This is a glider, a bit of a symbol for hackers, who are like cats, and do
not like each other, herds, or stupid little symbols.



The glider comes from the little things
manufactured by and walking off towards lower right
are gliders in action.)



Gliders, are of the world of , you have heard Murray
Gell-Mann talk about it in context of the Game of Life is a
little simulation of playing with Fundamental Principles, and Accidents.
Life emerged the same way the gliders do, out of Complexity, Infinity of
Time, Fundamental Principles, and Accidents (remember nobody counted the
failed attempts).

Here is Stephen Wolfram in his “Computing a theory of everything” TED talk,
reminding us to never pause after uttering the words “I invented a new
kind of science” - Oof!.







Without Pentesters, Ethical Hacking, or White Hat Hackers we would never
become aware of vulnerabilities in our phones, smart homes, refrigerators,
lockers - day to day lives. They do not keep information secret, and help
us keep our family, homes, and possessions safer and more secure.



has 1.14M subscribers (Dec, 2019).
