Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You Will Live Forever
Monday • April 15th 2024 • 11:44:41 pm

The AI we have today works with strings of letters,
like a spellchecker or translator.

The AI we need will work with concepts,
like a smart Mind Map.

But, in a quirk of complexity, it just so happens,
that our first AI, can make the second.

And the second can use the first,
to expand it self, until it takes over its own development.

---

This will all happen very quickly,
months, not years.

---

The first big task for AI,
a machine that works on principles of chaos.

It to cure disease,
probably though creating molecular machines.

And the thing about this,
is that curing one disease…

Means curing all disease,
including aging.

---

As you know, space is very big,
and traveling at maximum speed, is slow.

You can see how [slow speed of light][1] is,
in the silly delay during news interviews.

But once we stop aging, along with cryonics,
given a cheap star-ship build like [ʻOumuamua][2]…

We can go anywhere,
you’ll have all the space and time to yourself.

---

Even though it accelerated,
ʻOumuamua is just a rock, until evidence shows otherwise.

But, even so, it is a blueprint for a star-ship,
it is armored, moving at 100,000 km/h (if my math is correct).

And it can be steered via gravity assist,
and out-gassing as ʻOumuamua had shown.

---

With the aid of AI, and self repairing machines,
a trivial invention, if you can repair biological ones.

You don’t need to know everything right away,
the AI will take care of it and teach you.

There are other technologies,
that will help your mind.

---

Unlike star trek, the mission isn’t to explore strange new worlds,
because it is probably really empty pout there.

The mission is to use our molecular knowledge,
to develop machines that synchronize with chemical signature of planets we encounter.

And hitch a ride,
on the mechanism of evolution.

It doesn’t really matter where your Asteroid will take you,
you rarely revisit the planets, as it is not a good idea.

You just keep going forward,
moving between solar systems, hoping for genesis of intelligent life.

---

I know that this all sounds,
like science fiction...

But, if you just ask yourself, how old will curing aging,
eventually make you.

You will see, that Humanity,
is a space fairing species, looking to make and create new friends.

---

Now, unlike in a Science Fiction poem,
there are already duties you have.

And there is non-woo-woo anti aging technique,
that you must practice daily.

Most of you would guess jogging,
and that is close, but not quite.

It is jogging with progressively heavier weights,
including wrist/ankle weight, weight vest, and most importantly dumbbells.

This is for the 80 year old you,
you want to be more fit that a 40 year old.

And you accomplish that,
by gently increasing your endurance throughout your life.

Start jogging with three pound weights,
and use your wisdom from there.

---

Even more important than becoming a fit athlete,
you must use self education to become an authentic grownup.

Self education consists of two things,
narrated books, and adventure trails…

Where you should seriously consider,
[walking the Triple Crown][3].

The purpose of self education,
is to help you become an authentic leader.

AI will change a lot more things than you are assuming,
it will alter politics, voting, and end war and poverty.

You have to reject cramming and memorizing,
because that is just self defeating trickery you were pushed into.

So that your teacher,
could take an easy paycheck home.

You must reject everything less than full comprehension,
of precisely the things that you are curious about.

You have to master each one, though not all in one go,
your mind will tell you when to leave a subject for a new one…

And then to revisit,
an old one, to advance it further.

As a Human Being you are charged with growing all the way up,
until you become a wise leader and a great being.

That an nothing else,
will ever make you a great star ship captain.

Live forever,
and learn to no end.


[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HV7q9VrDgBo
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%CA%BBOumuamua
[3]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzXP5PjRHjM&list=PLXiz2lWve6AJrEVuAjfL4eaBDEMfdbKa6
