Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

High School, College, And Real Knowledge
Tuesday • November 9th 2021 • 9:25:37 pm

During my first and last internship,
a brainless CEO walked up to me and asked.

Who do you want to be?
what do you want to do.

While I still had difficulty speaking,
I could have answered.

But instead,
I mumbled something about cutting paper.

The woman in control of the internship programme,
suspected that I knew perfect English.

And me not communicating back with the CEO,
was all the evidence she needed.

Half way through High School,
a strange award ceremony appeared.

Kid sitting next to me laughed that he got an award,
it was nice, but dishonest.

Yup, as you can guess,
I was one of the few people that did not get an award.

Sometime before the ceremony I brainlessly read some Shakespeare,
which I later dismissed, as it was not a good way to learn English.

,
I think he was capable of more.

Even before that, I was asked to give my opinion on new teacher hires,
I used the residual dictionary from the ongoing conversations in the room.

Even I noticed how well I worded myself,
but in her eyes this did me no favors.

I was right about the new teacher not being a good fit,
but deep down I wished her all the luck.

So the teacher wasn't aware of residual dictionaries,
and relative ease communicating within a preset context.

I was going to be taught a lesson by not receiving,
a fake award for fake progress.

My scrambled reply to the CEO was rooted in the way he treated me,
the truth was he didn't deserve a response.

I was already familiar with DOS, , Mac OS, Windows 3, and maybe Win95,
and could program a couple of flavors of BASIC.

I was told not to enter the software library room,
and my knowledge of commuters was ignored.

I could have learned in a week flat,
I could have learned image editing, very quickly too.

Instead my computers skills were used to copy a phone book,
from paper to a Mac OS, it was awful, and it was boring.

And I felt forced to remain silent,
as I could have gotten kicked off the internship.

Students were forced,
to participate in for a grade.

Then I got to clean the printers,
and clean dust off of shelves.

The CEO approached me,
as I was cutting paper to size.

The question of "What do you want to do [in life]?",
seemed genuine.

But during an unpaid internship,
the first thing that a CEO has to do...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...cause you can't learn for real, in your own way, in your own sequence, at your own pace,
you have to do cookie cutter text book stuff, which is just one of a dozen if not a hundred ways of learning.

And the truth comes out when it comes to programming languages,
as real results are required.

When learning math on paper,
it is all abstract, and any Joe Slick can just preted to teach it by following a lecture program.

So, I needed to be learning HyperCard in a class that does not threaten my diploma,
and later free classes where I could learn more about programming.

The local College was charging $500 dollars,
for a basic VisualBasic 6 class where I already figure everything out on my own.

I remember teacher looking at me to see if some of the things he said were correct,
he learned from a book, he might not have been writing any programs at all.

I also learned Java before taking Java,
which took 20 some hours coming from ActionScript.

And I got a 99 on the final, because the test was actively trying to trick students,
being focused on a perfect score I messed up one mangled obscure question.

We have no choice but to learn on our own,
.

The GPA must never get in the way of real education,
and that can only mean self education.

The schools work in such a way that it is better to learn first,
and then take the classes for a diploma.

And by learning, I don't mean reviewing the text books that the Java class uses for example,
I mean mastering the programming language on your own.

Writing some programs, publishing couple of Android Apps to really soak up the language,
and then taking the class, and using real knowledge to overpower the nonsense of the class, text book and the test.

In many situation that means asking if Organized Education is worth the trouble and the debt,
if the alternative of becoming an Entrepreneur and continuing to self educate with multiple little side projects and start-ups in not the wiser choice.

Real education is absolutely the most important thing in the world,
without it we will be making decisions based on wrong information.

I think the urgency of coherent powerful self education,
is such that the question of organized education is more about entertainment; isn't that what a Dog And Pony show is?
