Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Great and Cheerful Philosophical Adventures
Wednesday • June 23rd 2021 • 7:04:04 pm

It is hard to define what makes a good Nature Walk,
but I do want to note some things just to enlighten those who are new.

Above all, you will need something Philosophically heavy,
and not just a question, as those are always too easy.

You need a powerful philosophical quest,
that will make the world better somehow.

And please don't be shy,
Real Philosophers love all good thoughts.

No Real Philosopher,
has ever belittled anyone.

Real Philosophers do not create borders,
they tear them down, so that you can come an join them.

People who divide, and shame, and dictate who is a philosopher and who is not,
are unwell, and yet to grow up to understand their place in the world.

Don't be scared of Love Of Wisdom,
it is yours, and it is for you to inspire the world with.

It is for you,
to make the world a better place with.

And let me pause right here,
just for a tiny moment.

To underline,
how important nature walks are.

They truly are,
as deeply philosophical as I make them out to be.

Allow me to give you an example of one of my heavy Philosophical Quests,
the story of how I discovered a lost virtue, the virtue of Cheerfulness.

I think this is something that people refer to as positive thinking,
as being positive, as living on the sunny side.

But my discovery was independent of that,
I was deep in the woods, with rays of sunshine everywhere.

And chipmunks were all over the place,
they were running around like crazy.

With me, in my thoughts was Dear Viktor Frankl, and Friedrich, and Socrates,
and a half remembered memory of someone saying: "Life Is What You Make Of It".

Socrates was asking Crito to be of Good Cheer,
and I was asking about meaning, and the chipmunks were asking why I was ruining their morning ways.

And it occurred to me, that when the Ancient Greeks spoke of the Four Virtues:
Wisdom, Courage, Moderation, and Justice...

And then Europe in the Middle Ages spoke of:
Chastity, Temperance, Charity, Diligence, Patience, Kindness, and Humility.

And the Knightly Virtues called for:
Courage, Justice, Mercy, Generosity, Faith, Nobility, and Hope.

And Bushido beautifully framed,
Sincerity, Responsibility, Frugality, Politeness, Modesty, Loyalty, Harmony, Tranquility, and Compassion.

and Aquinas underlined that it no...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...t do the Humans Justice.

Politics have ways to go before they develop,
to become good enough for us.

Laws that structure a nation,
are like a computer program.

If that program is badly written,
and if it is lacking good programmers to fix that program.

Then there will be so many problems,
the whole system will be slow, and full of bugs, and corrupt things, and will require constant manual review, and repair, and it will never be enough.

A well designed political system, eliminates poverty, replaces prisons with schools and mental institutions,
makes sure that everyone gets a real education that they become proud of.

This requires great thinkers, generations of Great Beings,
redesigning politics all around the world.

The world is poor,
because politics are primitive.

Which brings us to the final question,
the question of the alarm clock.

The alarm clock, is a kind of a test, and reminder,
it exists for the purpose of one day being smashed to smithereens, by you.

It is a constant reminder, that you are supposed to smash it, or just turn it off if it is on your phone, or a family heirloom,
and instead of preparing for work that day, prepare for an adventure.

Go shopping, for really, really expensive, and colorful adventure shoes,
that have plenty of room for thick socks, nice and soft, and warm... thick socks.

And get a backpack, probably the bigger the better,
but it also has to be really sturdy.

And you will need a tent!
even if you are not planning the walk to last more than a day, it is still fun to have a tent.

Sometimes it is great to just set it up in your back yard,
or set it up in the middle of a woodland walk to lay down a little, and have a sandwich, or a nap, or just look out from if there is a nice view.

The first time you go on a walk,
bring a notepad, not just for philosophical thoughts, but to just make a list of all the stuff you wish you had with you.

While I never quite used it, I always carried a cowboy hat and a bug net,
that you pout over the hat just in case a fly start bothering you, presumably - stuff like that.

In short, the meaning of an alarm clock,
is to alarm you, when you are ready to smash it to smithereens and become a that goes on Great Many, Great and Cheerful Philosophical Adventures.
