Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bodybuilding Explained Freaky Fast
Thursday • August 29th 2024 • 10:48:59 pm

Switch to a trail-mix diet, and build up your endurance, to handle a one hour,
non-stop of 1980 aerobic exercise with 2 pound dumbbells in each hand.

Once you barely need to stop, increase the weight of your dumbbells,
by two or three pounds, and when your body can handle that, increase again.

---

That is the complete explanation of the fastest bodybuilding technique,
that will begin transforming your body weekly.

You will begin reshaping your body type and growing muscle at a rapid rate,
becoming an imposing bodybuilder by the time you reach 20 pounds per hand.

This maybe where accusations of cheating occurs,
some people may not want to dance with dumbbells at the gym.

So they do it on their own, return huge in 16 months,
and get accused of cheating, and others may be tricked into actual cheating.

But it is just high volume long duration exercise,
with progressively heavier dumbbells.

Your diet should be trail-mix with protein powder, though count your calories,
and then electrolyte drink mix to avoid muscle spasms.

---

I want you to understand that pushing your body artificially is dumb,
for one, you will not be able to teach anybody anything of any value.

You will get hurt, you may end up in a wheelchair,
or with torn muscles and tendons.

You need a full body exercise, to develop your full body,
for all the challenges of lifting, muscle isolation will get you hurt.

You will be able to lift a weight above your head, for sure,
but your back or legs will not handle it, you can’t cheat at bodybuilding.

Organizers at Western States 100 endurance race illustrate the problem best,
“if you are not here on your own feet, you will die, you will not return home”.

The way this plays out in bodybuilding, is the doctor running tests,
then letting you know, if you don’t stop you will die soon.

And then, your body will wither and you become an old person,
because you never did it right.

And if you do do it right, with trail-mix, endurance and high volume and duration,
your doctor WILL call you young, in your middle age.

And by golly, you will look it, you will age at third the speed,
of everyone else.

There are so many benefits to doing it right,
that it is dumb to do it any other way.

In the end the only person you cheat is your...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

... area always twisting and turning with dumbbells,
you don’t really need to stop, to switch from biceps to shoulders.

And that means, you can employ a dance trance technique,
simply focus on hitting every beat of your songs.

Be careful, you must not workout to songs faster than you can handle,
as they will stop you, and kick you out of the trance.

You need songs that you can handle, and as you get better get faster songs,
but as you lift heavier, eight pounds or more, slow down again.

Heavier weighs need time to stop, you will not be able to hit every beat,
of fast songs anymore.

---

Now here is something important that you should never forget,
when you move fast with five and eight pound weights, you burn fat.

But as you go beyond eight pounds, and continue challenging yourself,
so that you are forced to stop for a few seconds every couple of minutes.

Largely due to having your circulation cut off, from lifting heavy,
you will build muscle.

This maybe the birthplace of the sets/reps, and anaerobic lift-heavy myth,
lifting heavy will get you hurt, and resting during exercise will get you nowhere.

There is a phenomenon that you should be aware of as it may mislead you,
make you think that lifting heavy could work, so listen up.

Any exercise, from delivering mail, to lifting heavy for 30 seconds,
will initially make a huge difference, big gains.

But because you never increase,
the weight of your mailbag.

And because you can’t go from lifting heavy a significant number of times,
to lifting even heavier, again for a lot longer than 3 sets of 10...

You will,
get stuck in a plateau.

So in the first, you never add weight,
and in the second, you can’t add weight, not without injury, or being shut down.

---

Our bodies can multiply endurance,  somewhere in the 7 or 8 pounds area,
you can double your workout duration to two hours, without much trouble.

But use your body wisdom, and don’t extend your workout so far,
that you will suffer significant “Relative Energy Deficiency” or RED-S.

Rather than extending your workout to more than three hours,
change your dumbbell weight, up for bugger muscle, down for burning fat.

And remember to ensure that your songs,
are neither too fast, nor too slow, so that you stay in the dance trance.
