Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My Strange Little Caturday Mornings
Sunday • December 15th 2024 • 12:13:40 am

I workout 15 hours per week, with little rest,
so I give myself extra time to get out of bed on saturday.

I am already awake, I usually talk to the AI about programming,
and today we spoke a bit about its memory.

It is very chaotic, and extremely efficient,
but explaining back-progagation is too hard because I don’t much care for it.

I don’t want machines to be just chaos,
I want them to move through virtual worlds of ideas that they create.

Before the AI got confused, I’ve noticed that neural networks,
which consist of Synapses connecting Neurons.

Have very similar program functions to visual programming,
where Pipes connect Actors.

Slightly similar architecture,
but data and flow control is completely different.

Non the less,
my Caturday morning was made.

What is perhaps more interesting, is that back propagation math,
is not all ther is as randomness could be just as good.

Under a genetic algorithm, which is simple for me to imagine,
and I could experiment with.

---

This visual programming that I do is no joke,
I always, always, discover a new need for a competent system.

Today, I used an AI made for generating animal sounds and special effects,
just to demo the company’s abilities.

To create drums, and horns, that if I had a Visual Programming Language,
I could pull out of the web page, which woul’d not let me download them.

And make some songs, the browser was getting JSON encoded data,
I could patch the JSON.parse, but darn it! It is 2025 and we need to do better.

I continue rewriting my system, approaching web programming standards,
and cutting out what is not needed anymore.

I brough it down to Zoom, Actor, Port and Pipe Web Componenets for User Interface,
and a Services object with many Scenes that the UI can display and edit.

Well worth the refactoring, for example the Pipe which is a line that connects ports,
in different actors, which are just functions that transform data.

...Pipes are only told an Actor Id and Port name,
and they do all the connecting on their own.

I throw a couple of actors and a connecting pipe into a box,
and they sort everything out, including monitoring of changes in UI geometry.

And it all just works all on its own,
there is no application brain, things just flock together.

---

Programming this system has always been easy,
but it was hard to tell where to put things.

One of the environments is a web extension,
another server, and customized browsers, and the browser it self.

This too is relatively easy, but it has to flock together,
it has to be minimal coding of self assembling systems.

---

Turing my attention to news for a moment,
I’ve noticed the world becoming more divided.

And that is just lack of real education,
people easily convince themselves they are correct.

But long before that, we need real education,
that brings effective knowledge, and authentic wisdom.

---

Though I woke up at 7, I had a bunch of programming left to do,
so I threw in a nap for good measure, and had eggs for breakfast, at noon.
