Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Greatness of Soul, Heart, and Mind
Wednesday • July 22nd 2020 • 11:02:16 pm

It has been happening slowly for a hundred years,

even though people are not taught to become Great Beings.

Mistakes, especially the ones that make us feel foolish,

open out minds for rapid self education.

It used to be harder to learn,

now we have Audiobooks and video lectures.

---

It is a very big difference between finding Thoreau's Walden,

and having a Writer or a Professor take you on a tour of modern philosophy.

I think the ability to pause a lecture or an audio book is amazing,

I paused as often to stop and think as I used to pause to cry.

---

My Dear Friends,

I speak of Great Beings,

because I was moved, by Great Beings.

And all my Heart and Love tells me,

that the most important lesson I can share with You,

Is that for all the goodness You do;

You must become, a Great Being too.

---

I used to drive around listening to Audiobooks,

I went down to Florida during Michigan Winter.

I set my Audio Books aside, and turned on the radio for a bit,

I only heard two words, it was the third Monday of January.

"Content of Character"

I turned the radio down, goodness, once my eyes dried,

I knew that the Soul had no limit, and that it was meant to hold Wisdom.

That's how Philosophers were growing in Greatness,

Knowledge begot Wisdom, and Wisdom begot Greatness.

Martin Luther King Jr. is his name and it will never be forgotten,

his words are a permanent invitation to Greatness.

---

I enjoyed practicing driving on North Territorial Road between Canton and Ann Arbor,

and on a late Autumn evening with trees dressed in beautiful colors a lecture was playing in the background.

All of a sudden my mind snapped to attention,

my mind became as sharp as a razor blade, and I could not believe the gravity and beauty of what I was hearing.

"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately,

to front only the essential facts of life,

and see if I could not learn what it had to teach,

and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.

I did not wish to live what was not life,

living is so dear; nor did I wish to practise resignation,

unless it was quite necessary.

I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life,

to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life,

...

----- snip ----- (Sorry, 5,000 letter limit in summaries see catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code) ----- snip -----

...o find out more about the world.

It is very helpful to realize that we don't know all the things we should know,

and not be ashamed of that, just simply look for some Audio Books on the subject.

I write this in 2020 in the middle of the Pandemic,

and there is a lot of misled people, people who got taken in by false information.

In my memory Carl Sagan in his "The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark"

mentions something similar on the subject of Aliens and UFOs.

He says that there is more beauty and interesting things in the actual Science,

than fantasizing stories of visiting aliens and flying saucers.

When I was a teenager I was a huge fan of shows like the X-Files,

and I remember walking into a mighty New York Public Library to crack the case, once and fall all,

Nut instead falling in love with [Mokele-mbembe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mokele-mbembe), I recognized the creature from my first Science book "Wszechświat życie człowiek" published in 1955,

it was a Brontosaurus, and I instantly fell in love with the idea there there might be a few left in Rhodesia.

---

For the world to carry on becoming more and more United,

we have to become Great Lovers of Knowledge and take to Books and Audio Books.

The treasures withing are unlike anything we have heard of in school,

the books that we end up loving and carrying with us for the rest of our lives, make us better.

And there is never an end to learning for real,

every few weeks a new book comes out that you didn't even know you were waiting for.

It becomes a source of Wisdom, or just sheer joy as the case is with Randall Munroe's

What If?: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions.

My Dear Friends, I wish you the discovery of new poems, new quotes,

new books and video lectures, authors you will love for live and then some.

And don't worry, the world is coming together, the borders are fading, and there is noting that can stop that,

Humanity is in the process of Unifying to become One Loving Family.

We can hasten this process by learning, acquiring more knowledge,

preventing history's mistakes from repeating themselves.

The path to the future is found In Knowledge and Wisdom,

and aiming for Greatness of Soul, Heart, and Mind.
