Audio and full text version is available advertisement free at: https://catpea.com or visit https://github.com/catpea/ for source-code
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Busy Bee
Sunday • October 2nd 2022 • 8:15:38 am

Learning is not a process, there is neither a or z, or the middle.

To crack open a book, and start in the beginning.

Is to watch hopes of understanding, fade away.

Standardized Education is a lie, it is the same lie as a religious cult.

It benefits all those in it, but it does not deliver.

All the success, comes from students learning on their own.

The theory is crayons , you can't use the theory.

It won't even work, it will overload the CPU.

A theory is just, an oversimplification.

It is not special, it is less than the real thing.

It is just a book cover, to adhere to the theory...

Is to never read the book, and completely miss the points.

There isn't even such a thing, as a smart person.

And the whole thing about genius, is just a superiority complex.

There are brilliant experts, sailing a narrow channel.

But experts suck, until they become life changing teachers.

To gain the ability, to alter lives.

That's wisdom, and that comes from the direction opposite...

Of expertise, narrow channels, and the thousands of incomprehensible diagram books.

Wisdom is found on the Appalachian Trail, on the Pacific Crest Trail, The Continental Divide.

In the countless audio books, in all your music players.

It took me couple of years, but in my rebellious years.

I discovered High School, was a meat processing plant.

The teachers were the operators, and they were manufacturing...

...getting paid, with tools of terror.

Don't tell me, that a fake teacher, that telling someone they are a failure..

Is not a tool of terror, of that holding someone back is not a tool of terror.

Don't tell me it is not a lie, when the diploma is worthless...

...and it only leads, to being made a fool of, by getting tricked into a lifetime of college loan debt.

It is a slide, we get let to the top.

And kicked to ride to the bottom, this will hurt so bad.

That we won't even have time to get to the kick, and why it was there.

It is there for evolutionary reasons, we tend to mimic the vulture we are born to.

All the cats that go off on their won, have to learn the scary stuff from the beginning.

Those genes, are going to be rare and fleeting.

There is a quick fix for it all, stop listening to adults.

Start listening to great beings, they are at the library.

Narrated books are best, and look for the ones held in high esteem by intellectuals.

The rating systems are often faked, mostly because of money.

But there are also other motives, the large religions cults want more followers.

The fundamentals of a cult, is not to get caught, and plug your questions, and to some degree fears.

But it is really a shared fantasy, focused on penny pinching.

At its core lies gibberish, to prevent people from comprehending a coherent whole.

Which would knock the m out of the cult, and help them towards real books, and real life.

But books is it, once it is sitting at the library.

There aren't too many people, making money off of it.

So you sneak in there, bow to the librarian.

And see what else you can find, next to the book that you liked.

Buzzing around like that, is very unusual.

In fact, if you click around, an online books store...

and pay attention to, "Other users also read", you're all set.

By the time you get past these book, you won't need help to find new ones.

If you just go to Science and then Adventure, and look at their main page.

You'll find all the good ones, and get them at the library.

Oh, you''l eventually, get the leather-bound hard covers.

But it will take a life time, you start at the library.

On a poverty world without real schools, we all start at the library.

So find the correct books, that will help you grow all the way up...

...and resume building, from where their authors left off.